hi


New article coming soon


Diva Corp USA
zero stars
Writing this on my phone because that’s surely where you write all your bullshit “reviews”. Your pithy verbiage has a notes app quality that no amount of typewriter font can disguise. I suppose no one ever taught you that the only thing worse than being a gallerist is being a gallery-goer and then one rung below that is being a gallery reviewer and at the lowest piddling dirt patch of the asphodel meadows shuffles the anon gallery reviewer, face concealed, dick out. Your midwitted mystery mask cannot buoy your cheap shot jaundice yellow journalism for much longer. Step down; stop stealing the thunder of Franscisco,  the original shrewd angry gay going around LA galleries parsing out disparaging remarks. He’s better than you and less of a coward. Imagine tell people their work is bad while shacked up under the shelter of a shoddy gossip girl impression in 2024. Kill yourself anon. Die alone and angry and on your unmarked gravestone we will emboss in typewriter font ‘here lies Diva Corp USA, art complainer.’

hi 2


salad for art critics
tzatziki
apple
romain lettuce
rotisserie chicken
walnut
red wine vinegar
a little olive oil
salt and pepper 
oh and a little lime too

salad for art critics
tzatziki
apple
romain lettuce
rotisserie chicken
walnut
red wine vinegar
a little olive oil
salt and pepper 
oh and a little lime too

DESPERATION
IDK HOW TO USE THIS

APOLOGY
Dear divacorp USA,
I’m sorry, my anger briefly got the better of me. I just hate being told how to think and feel by WFH Carrie Bradshaw fascists. I know  you’re an anarchist actor battling the broken money laundering art world system that you actively chose to participate in and that if you weren’t anon you’d probably be shot by Ehrlich Steinberg herself, and no one wants that. We all just want to live and laugh and love and all the world’s a gallery.

Shrimp Tempura


SECOND FOLLOW-UP
I love art I love art I’m crying I just love art so much it’s all beautiful I hate critics make something make something beautiful diva corp are you even making money? Are you making money?? I hope you are at least making beautiful money i love you

DESPERATION (desperate to post)
Tired of getting cucked by life? Looking for quick fixes to real problems? Is no other means possible? Try Desperation. 

Desperation is your favorite saboteur. Desperation will have you manifesting miracles in minutes. Our primitive desires won’t ask you anything except what are you burning, and how deep into the ground? 

Ruin him. End her. Let your compulsions define a lifetime. Let your death drive grip the throttle.

Searching for grief? Desperation. Lusting for love? Desperation. Leave your patience in the rear-view, and trade it instead for some embarrassing ass Desperation…

b complex 100
no me gustan los ninos que se visten como modelos adroginos pero se comportan como los hijos de ejecutivos billionarios. esas tipos de personas viven demasiado en sus mentes y abandonan la realidad fisica de diversion. intercambian el sol y la musica por luces artificiales y criticas culturales, eventualmente llegando a esas cosas que la humanidad ha amado desde su principo pero sus ideas y palabras bloquean su experiencia como ruido molestante mientras quieres leer un libro. en vez de apagar el ruido, ellos lo confunden por el fondo de la realidad y comparten sus observaciones miopicas con clones que hacen los mismo. y se rascan lascan las cabezas con la confusion que solo los que complican la vida pueden hacer. lo complejo no tiene que ser complicado cuando uno entiende sin su cerebro. no son cuentas de adas californianas el vivir sin esfuerzo, son las verdades de la vida que cualqier abuela te diria. quizas las cosas son muy simples para la comprension de la mente humana...

portly wanderer
eric dolphy

posers
a lot of y'all are NOT writers. not everyone is destined to produce culture and thats okay, some of y'all would be better at realty or dog washing. enough of the clout chasing and performative intellectualism. put out shit that takes you longer than a week to produce. and stop posting the same .5x selfies in your bayonetta glasses. yoouo look retarded

Dream Journal
Gonna use spite as my dream journal. Today. Tomorrow. Til forever. You’ll hear from me soon xox

actually Everyone is a writer.


spite culture
curious about a recent post. of course not everyone is a writer but the idea that only certain people can "produce culture" is absurd to me. i effectively agree with the post as a whole, but i wonder about how applicable it is to a forum like Spite, particularly this early on in its lifetime. what defines good art if there is no bad art? we all participate in the realization of cultural standards, whether as creators, critics, audience members, etc. i find posts like that one to be important, this isnt an "ohhh all art is good and you shouldnt be mean" this is simply a PRO CESSPOOL post. lets make a mess and let that mess develop its own rhythm. before posting ask yourself this: am i saying anything worth saying? and then post it anyway. or dont. up to you.

@ two responders
indeed.com

good/bad art debate
art should be of course publicly discussed but should not be categorized into “good” or “bad” or ranked on a scale. except in the privacy of one’s home.

This is dumb af sorry but I dont care


Costco ssssuuuutra
no more tears
or infighting
renounce your thoughts of killing
one another, vengeful
clamoring to the top of this
or that stack, or weeping
dreams of stewarding the ultimate clique—
it all spells disaster
so uh
be neither a fool nor a killer.
we can build a world in a pearl
or a pothole
anyone wanna split a chicken bake?

6/3/24 dream
in an open style house, like glass hallway and step into room
trying to defeat two giants, one a vampire, i'm tasked with this and am at a loss as to how to damage it, finally think of breaking a leg, but it doesn't work i can't get it to bend back far enough - just to hurt it.
so i ask my friend that's there. a gay person and they think of an idea involving sex (to lure him in) and chemicals with hot oil, and sand, to finish him off. like get him in a vulnerable position by charming him, then make him eat sand, and then pour the oil into his rectum to cause a chemical reaction which'll make him explode. cray 

i go to the living room where my old friend from middle school and JOHNNY DEPP as a young goth person are chilling

i wrap myself under a sheet and we put on a vhs..... an old show i used to like and have several of them, but i hadn't seen this one before. i stare at Depp ....he has long sorta stringysoft black hair and a soft face, with sunken eyes... i say, 'can i tell you something...' he says 'go for it...' but i change my mind. (i was going to say 'did you know i've always wanted to marry you, since i was 4' but decided peeking out of the sheet and in shy dissaray with my words would be very silly indeed. 

family reunion: there's a little yard in the back dark and boggy with a steep dip to an old concrete ditch
theres a very hispanic-modded granny and many many young cousins running about, many ages, and a couple uncles and stuff. depp is one. cops come accusing him of murdering that vamp guy (my friend left after doing the job) but he protests, i've been drawing the whole time in this room --- he shows them his drawing which is of some...letters very delicately rendered. some5hing weird like this (attached)

and when he stands up, his whole back gives out and he flops backwards screaming in pain, but he gets righted, and walks out to the back.
out back a cousin is playing by the ditch and bemoaning the use of water, it was redirected from the yard which used to be so green to the other side which is just hotel lawns or something... but she finds a pipe with a flower sticking out and pulls the cap off, a trickle of water comes out and the plants visibly start perking up. she calls everyone over says, 'i found the water!' and plants the plucked flower in the soil right by it

dream
like a double suicide, ceremonial priest roommate facial piercing Skid Row yacht party fashionupcycle naked in a restaurant police chaser unidentified loverbottom of the ocean suicidal kiss 24pack of Tecates in tijuana

Ralph’s
In the fluorescent aisles of Ralph's, where the hum of refrigeration meets the buzz of whispered secrets,
I found them those heart-shaped sushi boxes.
Their plastic lids, transparent yet mysterious, revealed secrets only the conveyor belt knew.
Was it love or mere convenience that shaped these morsels into hearts?
Perhaps the sushi chef pondered the absurdity of existence while molding each grain of rice, each slice of salmon, into a symbol.
And there they sat, nestled together, like mismatched lovers at a masquerade, their soy sauce dipping pools reflecting the flickering fluorescence above.
Did they dream of escape, of rolling away to a distant ocean, far from Ralph's?
Or were they content in their cellophane embrace, knowing that even in this sterile aisle, they were part of something greater a fleeting metaphor for Valentine's Day, a nod to the hunger and desire that binds us?
And so, in the checkout line, I smiled, my tongue tingling with wasabi and wonder, grateful for the mundane magic of Ralph's where heart-shaped sushi danced with romance, and the world turned on its axis one soy soaked bite at a time

Ralph’s
In the fluorescent aisles of Ralph's, where the hum of refrigeration meets the buzz of whispered secrets,
I found them those heart-shaped sushi boxes.
Their plastic lids, transparent yet mysterious, revealed secrets only the conveyor belt knew.
Was it love or mere convenience that shaped these morsels into hearts?
Perhaps the sushi chef pondered the absurdity of existence while molding each grain of rice, each slice of salmon, into a symbol.
And there they sat, nestled together, like mismatched lovers at a masquerade, their soy sauce dipping pools reflecting the flickering fluorescence above.
Did they dream of escape, of rolling away to a distant ocean, far from Ralph's?
Or were they content in their cellophane embrace, knowing that even in this sterile aisle, they were part of something greater a fleeting metaphor for Valentine's Day, a nod to the hunger and desire that binds us?
And so, in the checkout line, I smiled, my tongue tingling with wasabi and wonder, grateful for the mundane magic of Ralph's where heart-shaped sushi danced with romance, and the world turned on its axis one soy soaked bite at a time

uber eats drivers probably
three african guys sitting at a mall food court table: one in a big blazer, another in a motorcycle helmet, the third dressed normal. the one in the helmet is playing a soccer game on his phone. the one in the blazer is holding his phone sideways watching a video of a pig being slaughtered

NOTICE for DIVA CORP USA
DIVA CORP USA:

Your website has been compromised and owner(s) and constituent(s) have been positively identified with basic ass OSINT practices and publicly available data.

Failure to act accordingly will lead to publication of this information. You have until September 11, 2024 to issue a public apology to Los Angeles. Why?

This is one of the most important places in all of North America. You're no artist. An artist respects the silence that serves the foundation of creativity. You don't have the talent, You don't have enough respect for yourself or other people OR what it is to express yourself; in writing or ANY other form of creativity. And I'm a Bard CCS graduate, SUCKA. And the Whitney ISP. I have keys to Dennis Cooper's vacant LA villa.

You SUCK. You're a NO talent. If you really had talent, you would get accepted to Cal Arts or Art Center. And then get yourself a lineup of gigs and a good grasp on PR. Instead of ruining the end of the day for everybody down here. You disgrace.

You're a self-consumed, no talent, mediocre piece of shit, and I've earned my right to say it. OKAY?! My body was dropped off on the steps of the FDA. I was friends with Michael Alig. Michael Moore made a documentary about Marilyn Manson. I told Jenny Borland to move to New York.

Who the fuck are you? I was part of ART CLUB 2000, who the FUCK ARE YOU!? You're nothing, You're nothing, You are nothing and you will never be anything. Never write again. 

I don't care about your anonymous letterboxed profile posturing as an incapacitated rendition of MAR. Because it doesn't mean you know how to write, it just shows you are only capable of typing with your thumbs. I'm trained CLASSICALLY, I've trained contemporaneously with Mavis Beacon.

4 ingredient salad for art critics
Chop Persian cucumbers into dimes
Chop romaine into desired shape
Toss with tzatziki sauce
Add rotisserie chicken bits you can just pull off the corpus of the animal with your hands and shred as you go. 
Season with salt and pepper

H
h

I think I finally figured it out
I think I finally figured it out

check in
i think about going off testosterone because 
because i am complete
i am so replete in my own pleasure and acceptance of my body that i dont seek out sexual experiences, shared intimacy, opportunities for growth 
if i were to wean away i would be flooded with emotion again and unparalleled desire and
loneliness
i have it now but 
but it used to break me
now i am full of dreams and fantasy that reflect right back from my mirror
i am whole and yet... something disgusts me about having reached the finish line so soon, or being afraid to face an influx of my organically supplied hormones. all without the help of any natural world.
i want the poetry of sex
i want to dance with another body and desperately embrace them, our hot confused tears mixing together
on the swollen wound of gender
i want i want i want,
i want from up inside the clouds of an altered specimen, whittled to the bones of an ideal - unable to accept my natural flaw.
whittle whittle whittle
away
at my playpretend body until there
is nothing left of me but an ache for that one time that i was nothing but raw, horrible truth. 

how unfair of me to say.
am i content because
i simply am? i have reached a point of accessing contentness that i hadn't been able to before?
or is it artificial - once the juice runs dry (or if i kink the hose) is the gender euphoria going to slough off, wet mud from skin?
i have a taste now
i don't want to lose it
but i'm afraid i have no compulsion to move forward with it in me

how to write an email
You sound so defeated!
Defeated by an assumption based on truths you think are Truth! 

I feel ive drawn close to the harbor
of which Small Talk is a front-line necessity
for conversation so utterly shallow
that one could not even wade.
Reunions fester in broken promises
Routine greetings are rife with superfluous dance
Every email is gestated into submission as 
The most dull and empty
poetry
humanely possible. 

Hi Firstname, 

What even the fuck am I supposed to call you? Are you even human? 

Hope hope hope is so stupidly inane but I'll say it anyway. Any little falsity I can jam into this message by golly I will jam, 

Name name (What the fuck am I supposed to call myself?)
Pronouns (you won't use or see...)
Identifiable numbers...
Cell phone home phone work phone fax( in case of... what? Nothing?  ) CALL me♡

Sincerely, 
Sincerity...
Once as easy as every "hi" "hi" "im 6" "me too" want to be friends?" "yeah okay!" turned A few playdates - turned One sleepover - then becoming, very simply, nothing More
is Now an impossible joke! 
Attempted genuinity is present but
something about the way we ask questions as adults and
talk To eachother at all is
So 
So 
irreconcilablely mundane and disheartening. 

Am i even capable of connecting with anyone anymore? 
Strangers? My family? Even my partner, who has been in me and seen my flesh, it seems, cannot escape this faceless mask of mine.
People face my mask.
[Cats, fill in this blank. today i broke a pot lid] recieve my anger. 
(Anger at myself) and
I get  nothing.

I got the girls working


Review of Sombre Strangers Parfumerie for Women and Men
The opening of this wasn't bad. It smells like fresh dirt, however, the dry down is a different story. There is no other way to describe this other than it smelling like decomposition of a corpse. I do get the vomit note, and every stale bodily fluid after a body has gone through the bloating stages and leaves behind a symphony of old poop, bile and blood. I stupidly put a sample of this on my body. I could not bear 20 minutes, immediately took a shower, then doused myself in Feve Gourmande by Guerlain. Never again.

- Shaymin, via fragrantica.com

We gotta chill sometime
Like you and me. We should chill sometime. Where you at. Whats your plan . What you doing later. This week. End. Next one oh you busy then? I think you're chill. I know a spot. Theres a spot Im tryna go. I got plans. You going to that. You want to go. I got plans you should come. What time. Oh yeah what time. Where you at rn

.
She had learned in art school that in every artwork the artist must leave some distinguishing trace to impart his unique artistic vision. Every artist had to have a unique artistic vision. They encouraged you to brainstorm your unique artistic vision in small groups. 

They acknowledged that some people, even some people in art school, more immediate aims than something so intangible, but even those industrious few would have to act as if they believed in this shared precept. 

Even in something extremely mundane, a commissioned portrait, it could be of a friend's pet, whatever, the artist distinguishes herself. Of course, her personal style is immediately on display in the technique and execution, media, affect, graphic qualities, etc., but beyond that, the higher initiates of this cult of artistic vision use repeated graphic objects and patterns like sigils and runes to communicate with each other directly and subvert the masses who would unknowingly fall victim to their effects of suasion. 

Beyond the obvious iconoclasm of the figurative symbolic tradition even graphic elements that are not directly visible to the eye can have this effect.

i live right near an immigrant hotel
they always hang out outside and they're definitely immigrants because i read about it in the news and they don't speak english and really seem like immigrants

it's crazy when dudes lie on the ground on their phones
like stomach on the pavement legs kicking back in the air very demure

One CUBE leads to Another


Diva Corp QUESTIONS
Diva diva diva... What are we going to do with you? Your website so sleekly minimalist. Your name so mysterious and evoking such mystery for those yet uninitiated. Diva diva, where are though? 

Perhaps a little birdie has told you that another sun rises in the coastal post COVID hypertext symposium in which you and I meet as rivals. If not equals. 

Yet.

For even if I lack your pithy yet rich style and seeming ability to hypercritically intersect multiple universes of clout at once... I am a WRITER. And I have known for a long time that I would have to FIGHT. No amount of STRUGGLE could dissuade me from this dance in which we are now irrevocably entangled Diva. I saw all of this when I slept on the BUS in 2016. In a DREAM. I saw your minimalist guerrila art crticism website. And this website SPITE. And I SAW when everyone start getting a LISP. I'm not going to SAY WHY but we all KNOW.

Spite users


limerence
i wanted to know this person for so long and then i got some belated toothless version of what i wanted for approximately 15 minutes and knew them otherwise mostly in an elaborate ritual of effacing behavior that comprised of being routinely ghosted and then reinstated in the ‘roster’ for reasons that remain obscure to me and which i am too much of a dumb fuck to ask. they knew i would do anything. 

i thought i had moved on and its been a while since i abortively tried to professionalize our relationship in order to keep them in my life to no avail. but i was doing grocery shopping today and thought. god i should at least try to finesse a baby out of this or something eventually so it doesn’t feel like an abominable waste of time. what if we made a pact? i have the baby and you don’t have to be involved. so basically a continuation of our association as it was. i’d name it something crazy and you’d balk, maybe you say, woah, that’s not a name you could find on a keychain at a roadside attraction. 
but you can custom order anything on the internet now

day 2


EVERYONE ELSE IS WRITING THEIR DREAMS
I said it first. I’m writing MY DREAMS ON SPITE. All these bitches pretending writing their boring ass dreams. Honk shoo. Wish you never woke up HOE. Stay in your lane. Spite is MY DREAM JOURNAL.

All of you
Are so awful. You’re all the same people. You are fucked sideways. My friends are way better than all of you 
People

Generic Wellbutrin Reviews by Manufacturer
* Par was adored by all. Cream of the crop. also made good prometh codine cough syrup HAS BEEN DISCONTINUED fall 2023  . Local company, Irvine. 

* Sun has mixed reviews but reportedly didn't help with self-harm.  but does help with cleaning and reading.
 Made in India 

* Epic Is fine. Daily workhorse , mostly liked. made in china  not local 

* TWI hasn't had any complaints  one person says “I feel like I am in the pocket” is this good or bad?

* Sandoz is good but now is owned by Epic

* Lupin is terrible, some people report wanting to kill themselves.  def the most controversial brand. made in India 

* Slate Run is mixed, reviews lean towards bad

* Accord is mixed Suicidal thoughts & plans. North Carolina based , employees were not happy working there. Nor were truck drivers who had to pick up the pills. 

* Solco has ok reviews  but on a bad day  a sulfur-sweet- rotten egg sort of odor emits. It’s intolerable. made in New Jersey. 

* GlaxoSmithKline has one bad review  but supposedly they give their employees Stocks. second most local , factory in fresno. Truck drivers report timely organized pick ups and drop offs. good intercom system in place. 

* Zentiva ultra rare Czech made. 

* Orion has one ok review  made in Espoo Finland. 55% of employees would recommend working at Orion Pharma to a friend.

* Blue Print has one bad review  seems hard to find , made in Cambridge Mass.  

* Lannet has no reviews but supposedly their adderall is horrendous reporting dust like pills that cause anxiety and confusion. The largest of their three plants is on 30 acres in Indiana. That’s a lot of land. 

* Cipla has mixed reviews but generally seemed people liked it. Unfortunately it was discontinued a few months ago.  Mumbai based. 

* Actavis was liked but sometimes makes people grumpy. Now Teva bought it. 

* Dr Reddy has good reviews but haven't seen them offered in a while. Business has mixed from past employees on google maps. 

* GSK -someone said they will buy in different countries if their supplier is out. that means it’s good. Name stands for GlaxoSmithKline. 
 
* Method - no experience

Drain Flies
Drain Gang?

Ran out of words
ran dry completely out of words in my head today hit my quota Judaica Gifts Center this guy on the train talking about his brain X ray and saying he’s retarded and can’t walk

California Asian Americans
California Asians have never known what it’s like to be the only Asian in a 2 hr driving radius. California Asians appear so comfortable and confident with themselves. It’s the confidence you get from always having boba and an Asian grocery easily in reach. I think it takes a lacking outsider to recognize the sturdiness and naivety that is inherent in you. I admire it, even if you guys can be a little brain dead sometimes. 

With love, a countryside Asian American.

Destroy Asian Americans
Wasian Supremacy
We Will Win Your Heart
One at a time

hi


blocked
blocked by:
Neoliberalhell
Tek Lintowe 
My driving instructor, Chris from Wappingers Falls 
All of my friend’s boyfriends

All of you
Are so awful. You’re all the same people. You are fucked sideways. My friends are way better than all of People

I have nothing to say


Please no more
be quiet

jk i like the website
i just wanted to post funny pig picture

a lot of my friends have gone down a


a lot of my friends have gone down a bad path i feel
i hope they are doing well but i hope u guys figure some things out you’re still very young good luck,

Drain flies (red wine)
had a bottle of red wine open and i poured myself a glass and a bunch of drain flies were in it Its my last bottle of wine/alcohol in house I scooped out the  flies with a spoon and am begrudgingly drinking the wine in small sips. Imagining a bitter bug aftertaste. The average person eats two pounds of insects a year just googled it. Im adding virtually nothing to my yearly bug weight limit with my distilled drain fly detritus infused red wine. Am i decrepit, or strong? Hard to say. We’re champions of red wine

European fiction
its unamerican to be so involved in a tiny scene, trusting the cultural value / insular logic of the group…. i get mediocre skin deep autofiction about limited social circles is chic, write what you know,  but has anyone here considered that this isn’t 19th century Europe - nowhere near as worthy of mannered writing - and so we need to find an actual subject? like a real recognizable outside subject that might on some level be surprising. Boring cynical LA Art world doesn’t count sorry  unless you’re just posting blind items about ppls finances

Diva Corp admin reveal
We have him sorounded

https://www.ourventurablvd.com/meet-greg-jenkins-who-is-making-waves-in-the-art-world/

Re: "All of you Are so awful. You’re all the same people."
Uhhh yeah we're all the "same people" which is me. Wrote all these. Besides the ones you wrote. Everyone pretending to be me

Its not just some random hat in your hands
It's your hat. Wear it. But never put a hat on a hat. Put your hat on but don't just put some random hat in your hands or on top of another hat. If it's a baseball cap you can put your finger through the back and spin it around your finger

This is how we do it
Url/Slug: [movie name]-review

Article Title (57 characters max): [Article Headline]

Article Description (160 characters max): [Why should you click on review reason?] Find out in our review.


##What is [MOVIE/SHOW NAME]?
[Summary here]
[mr-trailer]: 
[mr-widget]: 


##Who is in [MOVIE/SHOW NAME]?
Directed by [](), [movie/title] stars [cast name](), [cast name]() and [cast name]().

##What is MovieRanker’s Review for [MOVIE/SHOW NAME] 
**[Final thoughts. Score out of 10.]** [title] is now streaming on [whatever platform]().


Picture link that you can just pull off google images (aim for something that’s high quality and large in size): 
*[caption for pic]*

Bro
If you like a girl go ahaead and tell her doont wait for her too post her photos and thn you go "WOW WOW WOW WOW!" My brother you are not an Ambulance!!

An actual subject: European Fiction
thanks to the writer EUROPEAN FICTION for pointing out that in the face of the mediocre and shallow works of so-called authors who simply perpetuate their own stunted worldview once we are all done scoffing and have taken turn performing verbal kickflips off of it is ultimately comforting and stimulating (like a cigarette) to appeal to that elusive panacea, the OUTSIDE, the "SUBJECT" of art, the "other" etc., which we AMERICANS are temperamentally bound to seek out and conquer instead of wasting away in stuffy drawing rooms and tutting over "customs, values, and mores".  We do not live in a society which is sure of itself in the same way as 1800s Europe, that is excellent in its idealism and extreme in its baseness in that way. I do appreciate that you elucidate some of the reasons why these authors you criticize do it -- opportunism and weakness of character and talent, moral failings and inherent defects -- but I am personally not worried about getting tunnel vision for a tiny scene in my writing, I know kind of a lot of people.

.


european fiction pt 2
its not that I don't respect whats outre about trying for a close-knit scene in a city as geographically and spiritually unsuited for it as Los Angeles. But you can't pervert the American West. A canyon is not a drawing room, and whats perverted and abject about the land here so far exceeds European problems its frankly insane to ignore it; what you all have here in this lit scene is a straw man perversion in an attempt to block out the real thing: the effortlessly horrendous desert. Cultivate a feeling for the land, if you're brave enough. My recs -- Willa Cather's "The Professor's House", Barry Lopez's "Arctic Dreams", John McPhee's "Coming into the Country", Jamaica Kincaid "A Small Place",  any Werner Herzog, Carolyn Chute's "The Beans of Egypt Maine." Your real heritage to take or leave.

intimacy
A line allows progress... a circle does not

Elkay LZS8WSLK ezH2O Bottle Filling Station, Refrigerated, Filtered, Light Gray
I murmur, murmur, as I wend my way
toward the embracing river,
for while men drift into and out of memory,
I endure, as all things—even the river—can be bought.

1999 Pokemon Base Set Shadowless 1st Edition Holo Charizard #4 PSA 10 GEM MINT
Emblematic of the strength and power its design was meant to portray, the 1st Edition Base Set Charizard card continues to inspire awe even after almost a quarter of a century. This historic piece of art designed by celebrated artist Mitsuhiro Arita is easily the most recognizable Pokemon card ever made. Despite over 3,000 copies being submitted to PSA, only 121 have been granted the PSA 10 Gem Mint designation to date by their graders due in part to the card's own popularity. Featuring the highest attack power of any of the original Pokemon cards produced; the ferocity of the artwork coupled with the might of its Fire Spin caused most Pokemon fanatics to use it with pride. This is the 52 Topps Mantle, the 86 Fleer Jordan, the 79 O-Pee-Chee Gretzky of the Pokemon hobby; it is one of the most coveted trading cards ever produced. Widely considered one of the holy grails of the Pokemon world, this Flame Pokemon is poised to show continuous returns for years to come and become a premier investment piece for any portfolio to have.

2005 Pokemon Japanese Promo Spring Battle Road Victory Ring PSA 10 GEM MINT
A redesign of the Victory Ring trophy card awarded in 2003 and 2004, this version, which was earned in tournaments in 2005 and 2006, was designed by Takumi Akabane and showcases Pikachu with the Victory Ring from the earlier version of the card. With a stunning holographic design that seemingly pops off the cardstock, this beautiful piece was only awarded to the top three competitors in each age bracket for regional Spring Battle Road tournaments. To date, only 28 examples have received the coveted PSA 10 Gem Mint designation. With near-perfect centering and no evidence of paint-chipping or edgewear, the eye appeal of this card is evident and makes it an electric addition to any prestigious Pokémon collection.

The certification number on this card has been checked against the third-party grader's online database and is active as of 08/01/2024.

1999 Pokemon Base Set Disco Test Shadowless Partial Print Holo Clefairy #5 CGC 9
Two defining characteristics of Disco Holo Square Cut Test Prints make these seldom-seen issues some of the most intriguing Pokémon cards ever printed. The cards, such as this Clefairy, display a unique “Disco” holofoil pattern – named as such by CGC Cards –  that has never been used on any regular production Pokémon cards. Disco Holo Square Cut Test Prints also have sharp, square corners, unlike standard issue 1999 Base Set cards.

Very little was known about Disco Holo cards until June 2022, when CGC authenticated Disco Holo uncut sheets and cards for the first time. Based on CGC's research, it is believed that at least one of two to three known Disco Holo uncut sheets was printed January 21, 1999, nearly two weeks after the January 9th Base Set release.

After extensive research and tests conducted by CGC, including an infrared test, UV test, and X-ray fluorescence (XRF) spectrometer test, all of the chemical elements, most notably calcium, titanium, iron, copper and zinc, all correspond with a normal 1999 Base Set card. This proves that the card stock and ink used in the production of a regular '99 Base Set card are the same as that used to produce the Disco Holo uncut test print sheets. The authenticity of this card was determined not only by CGC Trading Cards’ experts, but also by utilizing respected consultants, specialized imaging techniques and XRF analysis.

These rare Pokémon cards also lack many details present on standard issues from the groundbreaking 1999 Base Set. For example, Disco Holo Square Cut Test Print cards are famously missing the Pokémon that should appear in the evolution box. They also don't have the text that typically appears below the art box or the standard Energy symbols. But one thing this does exist is this extremely rare opportunity to add one of these incredible cards to your collection.

The certification number on this card has been checked against the third-party grader's online database and is active as of 08/09/2024.

How To Know If Your Charizard Pokémon Card Is Rare And Valuable Or Not
Time is a flat circle, and it seems like just yesterday I was spending my allowance every week on Pokémon cards in junior high. Well, now Pokémon cards, and opening them on Twitch streams and in YouTube videos, are all the rage again, and it turns out some of those cards you got as a kid may be valuable today, if you kept them…and kept them in good shape.

Wading into the exact valuation of all Pokémon cards is a swamp that it’s hard to emerge from, so I thought I’d focus on one particular type of card which was coveted when I was a kid. I saved it because I “thought it might be worth something someday,” and it turns out I was right. Well, depending on which version you have.

Here is a gradient scale on which of the old school Charizard cards are the most and least valuable. Exact figures for selling prices are hard to pin down. The low end might be a few hundred, the higher end for the rarest Charizard editions can be tens of thousands, if not over $100K for true perfection. The prices below are estimates and again, it’s a wide range. If yours isn’t here at all, it may be too common to be worth all that much. These cards are also usually PSA 9-10 graded meaning they have to be in stellar condition, not just sitting in a shoebox somewhere, in order to see these ranges of prices.

#20 Tamamushi University Magikarp (1998)
Grade: PSA 10.
Month Sold: April 2022.
Venue: PWCC.
Price: $78,000.
This card was distributed exclusively to participants who aced the Hyper Professor Exam, the hardest in a series of Pokémon trivia quizes run by Shogakukan as part of its Tamamushi University campaign in 1998. Tamamushi University is a fictional university in Celedon (Tamamushi being the Japanese name for Celedon), and Japanese magazine publisher Shogakukan gave fans a chance to "enroll" by mailing in answers to a quiz. Other quizzes followed that awarded things like a Professor certificate, a school badge pin, and a university pennant.

This Magikarp was only awarded to fans who passed the Hyper Professor Exam, and given the low number of passing grades, it seems likely that participants had to get every single question right—which required remembering the exact sequence of "PIKA" and "CHU" that Pikachu writes in its thank-you letter for receiving a Watt in Pocket Pikachu.

Featuring artwork by Ken Sugimori of Magikarp with a distinctive "Tamamushi University" logo, the card stands out for its historical significance and the lore surrounding its distribution. Less than 100 copies have been graded by PSA, with just 14 PSA 10 copies.

#19 Snap Gyarados (1999)
Grade: CGC 9.5 (Now Gem Mint 10).
Month Sold: July 2023.
Venue: Heritage Auctions.
Price: $87,500.
The "Snap Gyarados" card, stemming from a unique 1999 collaboration between Pokémon and CoroCoro Comic, is a prized collectible featuring an in-game photograph from Pokémon Snap. 20 copies of each winners' respective cards were awarded, however some have far fewer copies in circulation. Whether this is due to winners holding onto their cards or even losing them as they grew up remains a mystery. In the case of Gyarados however, several copies have surfaced. Because of this, the Snap Gyarados is only the third most expensive Snap card on this list. I highly recommend checking out maxmoefoePokemon's (very entertaining) video on this card.

This card sold in July of 2023, shortly after the announcement that CGC would be updating its grading scale. This change upgraded all existing "Gem Mint 9.5" cards to CGC 10, which could be re-slabbed with new labels reflecting the upgrade. Because of this change, the prices of all 9.5s were inflated given the additional perceived value of "10" as opposed to "9.5", despite being the exact same cards and in the same condition. Although prices have come down somewhat, many 9.5s remain above their pricing prior to the announcement. This is a great example of people's willingness to "buy the grade" as opposed to the card.

It's likely that if this card were sold today, it would go for a lower price than the July 2023 copy for this very reason.

#18 Pokémon World Championships No. 2 Trainer Promo (2006)
Grade: PSA 9.
Month Sold: February 2021.
Venue: PWCC.
Price: $110,100.
This card was awarded to finalists in the 2006 Pokémon World Championships, which were held in Anaheim, California. Players had to survive three days of tournament play, and it's thought that only three copies were ever given out. This is also the only copy that's ever been graded by PSA.

It's actually quite fortunate that we have this sales datapoint for this card, because trophy cards like these almost always are sold in private transactions. Were that not the case, there's a very good chance this list would be filled with trophy cards. Being a No.2 Trainer from 2006 graded in a PSA 9, I would argue this isn't even all that desirable of a trophy card. Despite that, it managed to sell for $110,100 on PWCC in February 2021.

#17 Snap Magikarp (1999)
Grade: PSA Authentic.
Month Sold: January 2022.
Venue: Yahoo! Auctions Japan.
Price: $136,000.
The "Snap Magikarp" card, a rare and unique Pokémon card, emerged from the same collaboration as "Snap Gyarados" and "Snap Pikachu," involving Pokémon and CoroCoro Comic. This card is distinguished not just by its rarity but also by its origin story, which dates back to a 1999 contest where participants submitted photographs taken in the Pokémon Snap game. The winning entries were transformed into official Pokémon cards, with the "Snap Pikachu" being the most coveted among them—more on that later.

Its distinctive feature is the candid photograph style of the 3D Magikarp, differing significantly from the traditional illustrated cards. While quite a derpy card, its rarity and unique backstory make it a prized possession for collectors, symbolizing a fascinating intersection of Pokémon video gaming and trading card collecting. This crossover piece is a testament to the innovative ways in which the Pokémon franchise has engaged its fans, particularly early on in the history of the franchise, making the "Snap Magikarp" a nostalgic and valuable artifact within the Pokémon community.

This card has only surfaced once, and prior to the 2022 sale to Pokétuber smpratte, had never been seen online.

#16 No.2 Trainer Toshiyuki Yamaguchi (2000)
Grade: CGC 8.
Month Sold: July 2023.
Venue: Heritage Auctions.
Price: $137,500.
Can we just take a moment to appreciate the beauty of this card? Despite being #10 on this list, No.2 Trainer Toshiyuki Yamaguchi is the only card here that is truly one of a kind. It was awarded to Toshiyuki Yamguchi in 2000 after attaining second place in the "World Summer Challenge Secret Super Battle-Best In Japan."

A single card was given to each of the first, second, and third place winners of the event. What makes this Pokémon card so unique is that it actually features the trainer. Until Heritage Auctions acquired this card, no images of it had ever surfaced. I was actually lucky enough to catch a glimpse of this and several of the other cards on this list at Card Party.
Despite only being a CGC 8, this card sold for $137,500 on July 7, 2023. If I had my way, this card would be a lot higher on the list. It's just so… perfect.

#13 Extra Battle Day Lillie (2019)
Grade: PSA 10.
Month Sold: August 2023.
Venue: Xianyu.
Price: $171,000 (1.225mm RMB).
Initially, this card was going to be much lower on this list. A PSA 10 copy sold for $108,000 on PWCC in June 2023. However, after some digging, I found that a BGS 10 copy sold for roughly $171,000 in August 2023 on the Chinese auction site, Xianyu. To my knowledge, there are no English language articles or any sort of documentation really of this sale. The only reference I could find to this sale in English was on this Elite Fourum thread. Props to them!

After some digging, I was able to find some Chinese sources with more information to help verify this sale. You can read the articles auto-translated, but I'd just like to note at least on my computer they mistranslate 今日 as "recently" when in reality, it means "today" when referring to the time of the sale. (Finally a use for my degree!)

This means we can confirm with relative confidence that this card did indeed sell for $1.225mm RMB on August 3, 2023. While I haven't found verification the listing was definitively paid for, based on what I've heard from others, at that time private sales in China were going for over $100k for PSA 10s relatively consistently for a short period. So a BGS 10 hitting that price isn't out of the realm of possibility.

#15 Neo Genesis 1st Edition Lugia (2000)
Grade: BGS 10.
Month Sold: May 2021.
Venue: PWCC.
Price: $144,300.
This BGS 10 1st edition Neo Genesis Lugia sold for $144,300 at a PWCC audition in May 2021. Beckett is known to grade harsher than PSA (at least when it comes to high grades), in part because they include 9.5's in their grading scale. For reference, at the time of sale there were only three BGS 10 copies of this card, whereas there were 41 PSA 10 copies. This is reflected in the price as well. The prior record for this card went to a PSA 10 copy sold in 2020 for $129,000.

Unfortunately for those buyers, Neo Genesis 1st Edition Lugia has come down a lot in price. There's currently one available for $80,000 or best offer available on eBay. Given that it's still sitting there, the card is likely worth even less now. This card is a great example of how people can buy into the hype. Back when this card first sold for over $100k, so many people started buying it up, whether to try to get a 10, or in the hopes they could get a premium for their lower grades due to the record sale.

#12 Family Event Trophy Kangaskhan (1998)
Grade: PSA 10.
Month Sold: July 2023.
Venue: Heritage Auctions.
Price: $175,000.
This adorable Kangaskhan has quite a wholesome backstory. Released in May 1998, it could only be obtained in the Parent/Child Mega Battle tournament in Japan. It was awarded to parent and children teams who attained a certain amount of wins.

It also contains a very special set symbol on the lower right of the art box. It was one of a very few, very early, promotional Pokémon cards to feature the original Pocket Monsters Trading Card Gamelogo as its set symbol. Many of the cards possessing this symbol are among the rarest Pokémon cards in the hobby. So, in the slim chance you encounter this symbol in the wild, don't skip over it!

#11 Umbreon Gold Star, Japanese 70,000 Points PLAY Promo (2005)
Grade: PSA 10.
Month Sold: February 2024.
Venue: PWCC.
Price: $180,000.
The Japanese Gold Star Umbreon was originally acquired through the Pokémon Players Club in Japan by amassing 70,000 points by the end of the fourth season of play. This unique system required participants to engage in various Pokémon-related activities and events to earn points, demonstrating a significant commitment to the Pokémon community and its activities. For reference, players started with 1000 points and you would only get either 50 or 100 points for attending events and having matches. Additional points could be earned by placing in tournaments. Given the short time frame, the requirement of 70,000 points made the Gold Star Umbreon not just a symbol of rarity but also of dedication, as obtaining such a high number of points was no small feat. This was also at a low-point in the popularity of the Pokémon TCG, only adding to the rarity of this card.

The sale of this copy of Umbreon Gold Star is the newest addition to the list and a massive price jump over prior comparable sales. Prior to this, the highest confirmed sale was just $78,000 on PWCC. Interestingly, PWCC noted in the description of that card that it does have slight whitening on the back, despite being a PSA 10 copy. 2 certs (cards whose PSA certification number begins with "2") often have minor flaws in even PSA 10 condition. While there is no hard and fast rule and there are always discrepancies among graded cards, it is particularly important to check older certifications for whitening or other small imperfections if that is important to you. It is likely that this newer certification sold for a premium in part because of that reason.

ground floor blues
use one part deoxit solvent and one part elmer’s glue to make a fake semen solution that will actually get uou pregnant 👍

How to Start Collecting Pokémon Cards in 2024
This article is for all the new Pokémon card collectors out there. You might be getting back into the hobby after an extended break, or perhaps this is your first time getting into Pokémon! Whether you picked up an Elite Trainer Box in a Walmart on a whim, were fed a cool Pokémon video on YouTube, or saw an article about how Pokémon cards are "stonks," welcome (back) to the hobby! There's no going back now.

Today, I want to share with you some of the wisdom I have accumulated over my many years in the hobby, from the time I was a kid, to when I was a pimply teenager, to now when I am a less-pimply adult. It's really easy to spend (and waste, speaking from personal experience) a lot of money in this hobby, and regardless of your budget, it's important to collect the right way for you to maximize both your enjoyment of the cards you collect, and the money that you decide to spend.

Let Go of FOMO (Wait Before You Buy)
First, I want to give a warning about FOMO (the Fear Of Missing Out). In a hobby that revolves around collecting, it runs rampant. This is natural. The Pokémon Company releases four main sets per year, with an additional one to three special sets, on top of unique one-off products and promos. That means a new set is coming out around every two months, with more items in between. And that's just English. If you start getting into Japanese cards, things get even more hectic, especially with the number of (admittedly very cool) Japanese-exclusive promos that are released.

When products first come out, it's easy to convince yourself that you want—no need—them, and that you need them now. Because they're so cool, they'll surely only get more expensive. In reality, this is rarely the case. While some items do get more expensive after release, if you were to take the average of all new releases, you would be better off waiting a few weeks to months after something comes out to purchase it.

This also has the added benefit of helping weed out the products you really want from the ones you're just seeing all the time. The mere exposure effect dictates that people tend to have a preference for things that they encounter often. When the hype around a new set dies down, it's easier to tell if we really like something or not. As someone who is very into clothing and fashion but has a New York-sized closet, I try to avoid buying items the first time I see them. If I'm still thinking about an item a week or a month later, I'll go back and buy it. The same concept can be applied to cards! While it doesn't need to be a hard and fast rule, strategies like waiting can help curb impulse purchases.

Explore the Hobby
Getting into anything new is always exciting, and it's the best time to explore as many parts of the Pokémon card hobby as possible to determine what you really like. You may discover you love vintage cards, or modern promos, or realize you're someone who just wants to play the TCG.

It may feel overwhelming when you first get started, so I'd recommend the following:

Engage with the community. This can be on Instagram or other social media platforms, or if you can, your local card shop. It's a great way to learn more, find cool cards, and make friends in the hobby.

Find your favorite YouTubers. YouTube is a big part of the Pokémon space. Popular ones include PokeRev, UnlistedLeaf, Deep Pocket Monster, TwicebakedJake, Danny Phantump, and many more. (Shameless self-promo, but I also make YouTube videos on my channel, Eva's Binder.)

Learn as much about the history of the TCG as possible. By this, I don't mean you need to know what year each and every set came out and all the lore surrounding them. But it's helpful to have a general understanding of the different eras, or at least know they exist so you can figure out if you like any of them more than the others.

Narrow Your Focus
I know far too many people who complain about having a lot of cards they don't actually want or feeling like their collection isn't really a "collection," but rather a random assortment of cards. This is due to a combination of factors, but assuming you've avoided the trap of FOMO, the two most prevalent causes are:

Ripping Packs. Ripping packs may be very fun and feed your inner degenerate, but it's certainly not the best way to get the cards you want. Not only is it not cost-effective, but you'll also end up with a lot of cards you don't really want, whether those are just bulk commons and uncommons, or even hits aside from the ones you're chasing.
Buying Anything and Everything. There are a lot of amazing cards. More than any one person could ever collect. The sad reality of a Pokémon collector is that you can't have everything, no matter how much money you may have.
Now that you've hopefully explored the hobby and at least know your options, it'll be a lot easier to narrow down your focus. Some popular ones are:

Species Collecting. This is the category I personally fall into. I collect Entei, along with the other Legendary dogs, Raikou and Suicune. My ultimate goal is to have every printing of Entei in a PSA 10. I'm guessing you know quite a few species collectors, since anyone who collects Charizard cards would qualify. Other popular Pokémon include Pikachu, Mewtwo, Rayquaza, and a slew of others. This can be an especially budget-friendly option if you collect a less popular Pokémon.

Master Set Collecting. Many people like to assemble a binder of every card in a given set, which is called a "master set." This can be a good option if you want to rip packs occasionally and still want it to make sense with your collecting goals. Particularly if you're master setting new sets, you can rip a box or two to get all of the commons and uncommons, and fill in the gaps through buying and trading. However, you can also collect master sets of vintage sets like Base Set for surprisingly cheap.

Era Collecting. Some people like to target specific eras, such as WotC holos, which were the earliest English cards, or e-Cards, which were released from 2002-2004. Others prefer more recent eras, like the Sun & Moon Series, or the Sword & Shield Series.

Gimmick Collecting. "Gimmick" is such a dirty word, but I say it with love. When I say gimmick, I'm referring to certain card types that were produced for a limited number of sets. Many of these are actually some of the most expensive set cards in the hobby, such as Shining cards, Gold Star cards, Crystal cards, etc. I think this is a great aspirational goal once you've been in the hobby for a little while and are sure you're committed. However, the older subsets of cards can be quite pricey, so aren't always accessible to new collectors. Others, like Legend cards (which were two-part cards with gorgeous art), Prime cards, and EX cards are a lot more affordable.

Sealed Collecting. Some people prefer to collect sealed Pokémon products. If you're first getting into the hobby, that may sound silly, but sealed products make for great display pieces as well.

These are some of the popular strategies, but there are many more options! None of these are meant to box you in. Rather, having a directed goal that's challenging but achievable can make collecting more rewarding, and help curb spending.

Invest in Protection for Your Cards
In terms of protection, you don't need to spend a lot, but you definitely should get a few of the basics. A good $20 binder can save you hundreds or more depending on what cards you're putting inside. My childhood cards are crying in the corner with their creases and dirt. I recommend getting a side-loading binder, because when it inevitably ends up upside down at some point, the cards won't be falling out the top. While there are many high-end binders out there, I typically just opt for the Ultra PRO binders. They have lots of cute designs, including a lot of official Pokémon ones, and are reasonably priced at around $15-25 at most retailers.

Aside from a binder, you will definitely want some sleeves. Ultra PRO makes great sleeves, but honestly for the most part I stick to penny sleeves, which as the name suggests, cost one cent. Although it may be 2.25 cents nowadays. Curse you, inflation. Putting cards in a binder alone isn't enough to fully protect them, as they can slide around inside which can cause wear to the edges and minor scratching on the surface. I actually like penny sleeves more because they're very clear, easy to put the card in and take it out, and allow you to see the front and back easily.

For storing cards you don't want to put in a binder, it's hard to beat an old Elite Trainer Box. You probably have at least a couple laying around, so it doesn't cost anything. That's really all you need.

But if you want to get fancy with it, I'd also recommend getting some top-loaders. These are rigid sleeves that you put your card in after you've sleeved it with a soft sleeve, like a penny sleeve.

Deep Pocket Monster also has a great video on the topic of storing cards properly.


You're getting into a really amazing hobby, and I'm jealous of you. You get to have the joy of discovering—or rediscovering—all the amazing cards out there! While there's so much more to be said, I hope this guide can help you as you get started collecting. Ultimately, there is no right or wrong way to collect!

#10 Test Print Blastoise Gold Border (1998)
Grade: CGC 6.5.
Month Sold: July 2021.
Venue: Heritage Auctions.
Price: $216,000.
While this card may look fake to some, it is one of the rarest and oldest Pokémon cards. This is considered one of the earliest attempts by WotC to produce English Pokémon cards. It's notable for its odd font and its back, which is the same as for Magic: The Gathering cards. It also has a distinctive gold border around the art box, a foil front, and sharp edges.

Given the unique nature of these cards, it was difficult to prove they were even real. CGC employed a panel of experts and "advanced forensic technology" to prove the cards were real. Another compelling piece of evidence was the emergence of a test sheet containing the Blastoise and other MTG cards.

I highly recommend this blog post by CGC discussing the origin story in more depth.

This Test Print Blastoise is incredibly rare, and only five have ever been graded by CGC. Despite only being a 6.5, this card sold for $216,000 in July of 2021. In fact, a second copy in the same grade also sold for the exact same price in November 2021.

#8 Snap Pikachu (1999)
Grade: PSA Authentic.
Month Sold: June 2023.
Venue: Private Sale (shared on YouTube).
Price: $270,000.
Snap Pikachu was released as part of the same competition as Snap Magikarp and Snap Gyarados.

The sale of this card is truly remarkable. It is one of the greatest examples that despite how long Pokémon has been around, how developed the market has become, and so many individuals researching to learn all they can about this hobby, that there is always more to be discovered. For decades, nobody had even seen this card. That all changed when a single copy surfaced in 2023. One of the hobby's most notable collectors, Dubsy, acquired the card from a store in Japan, for the hefty price of $270,000.

I highly recommend you check out the YouTube video recording the day of the acquisition. It shows the card in video format and captures the significance in a strangely profound way. It gives a rare insight into the sorts of high-end sales that typically remain private.

While not the most expensive card on this list, or even the most expensive sale of 2023, this is perhaps the most significant sale from a historical perspective.

#7 Trophy Pikachu No. 3 Trainer Bronze (1997)
Grade: PSA 8.
Month Sold: April 2023.
Venue: Heritage Auctions.
Price: $300,000.
If only the No. 3 Trainer was in the No. 3 spot on this list! This extremely cute Pikachu trophy card was only obtainable in the first ever Pokémon tournament. Held in June 1997 in Chiba Japan, only four third-place winners from each event received a copy. It also granted entry to the Lizardon Mega Battle Tournament, which is considered the first official National Championships for Pokémon.

This card is one of the most recent additions to this list—a PSA 8 sold for $300,000 at Heritage Auctions on April 21, 2023, instantly making it one of the most valuable Pokémon cards in the world. Just imagine how much the No.1 Trainer from this tournament must be worth.

#6 Charizard, No Rarity Symbol, w/ Mitsuhiro Arita Signature on Case (1996)
Grade: PSA 10.
Month Sold: April 2022.
Venue: PWCC.
Price: $324,000.
Well less known than its English shadowless counterparts, like English Base Set, there is a way to distinguish the earliest printing of Japanese Base Set. While it doesn't have a glaring "1st Edition" stamp on it, the earliest printing of Japanese Base Set does not have the rarity symbol that has become ubiquitous with Pokémon cards.

While it seems like a trivial detail, many serious collectors highly value rarity, and also the first printing of something. And not only is this the first printing of Japanese Base Set, it is the first ever printing of Charizard in the Pokémon TCG. While there were other cards printed featuring Pokémon coming out around that time or even earlier, most notably Topsun, those are not part of the card game legacy that has stood the test of time to this very day.

As the first printing of Charizard to feature the iconic Base Set artwork of Mitsuhiro Arita, this card is a part of Pokemon history. While a standard PSA 10 copy of this card is very rare and expensive, with only 8 examples being graded as such, the signature by Mitsuhiro Arita on the case adds even more value. It's unfortunate that the signature is on the case, as it is not authenticated and arguably takes away from some of the eye appeal of this card.

#4 Trophy No.2 Pikachu, Silver 2nd Place, Second Tournament (1998)
Grade: PSA 10.
Month Sold: September 2023.
Venue: Goldin.
Price: $440,000.
Here we have the sibling of the third place Pikachu from earlier in the list. However, this one was actually from the second tournament, which used the same style of trophy cards as the first one. This card was released for the 1997-98 Japanese Lizardon (Charizard) Mega Battle Pokémon tournament events. It's amazing to see that Charizard already had such a hold on a generation of kids over 20 years ago, and still does to this day.

This card is remarkable for a number of reasons. Like its siblings, it was illustrated by Mitsuhiro Arita, the illustrator of the original Base Set Charizard, and the most iconic Pokémon illustrator to this day. Given the number of events and age groups, it is thought that 14 copies of this card exist, making it one of the rarest cards of all time. Of those 14, a total of 4 have been graded by PSA, with this copy being the only one to ever attain a PSA 10.

Being the first ever public sale of a Pikachu trophy card, it does give us some insight into the upper echelon of Pokémon cards. These are cards that are almost impossible to obtain, no matter how much money you have, simply because they are so rare. Despite only being a second place trophy, and having a relatively high population as far as trophy cards go, it has become one of the most expensive known Pokémon cards of all time. As more trophy cards come to market over time, particularly high grade examples, even if it's only once every few years, we'll be able to develop a better understanding of this normally private market.

#3 First Edition Shadowless Holographic Charizard #4 (1999)
Grade: PSA 10.
Month Sold: March 2022.
Venue: PWCC.
Price: $420,000.
Of course, there had to be another Charizard on this list. This is the OG (English) Charizard Pokémon card, and despite there being 124 PSA 10 copies, and nearly 4,000 total graded, in 2022 a copy sold for $420,000 at auction on PWCC.

It's worth noting that this card is no longer worth $420,000. The last time a PSA 10 1st Edition Charizard sold on PWCC, in February 2024, it went for $168,000. Imagine losing around the value of a house on one Pokémon card. Ouch.

#2 Charizard Topsun Blue Back (1997)
Grade: PSA 10.
Month Sold: January 2021.
Venue: Goldin.
Price: $493,230.
While not initially included on this list since it is not a Pokémon TCG card, the Blue Back Topsun Charizard is another example of a card that reached an absurd peak in 2021 at the height of the latest Pokémon craze.

That said, the Blue Back Topsun Charizard is a highly sought-after collector's item within the Pokémon trading card game community. Initially prized for being among the earliest printed cards featuring Charizard, this card was actually mistakenly dated by PSA as 1995. In reality, it was printed in 1997. This rare variant is part of the Topsun series, notable for its distinctive blue back, setting it apart from other Pokémon cards and even similar Topsun copies with a different color backing.

The Topsun series holds a special place in the history of Pokémon cards due to its early release in the franchise's history, predating many of the TCG sets that would follow. The specific charm of the Blue Back Topsun Charizard lies in its unique artwork and the printing error related to its date, adding an extra layer of rarity and desirability. Its unique aesthetic and historical value, as well as the intrigue surrounding its mislabeling, make it a fascinating piece of Pokémon lore.

#10 Dartrix 004/064
Dartrix is a huge upgrade to United Wings, a rogue single-Prize deck that puts its own cards in the discard pile to power up the United Wings attacks on its Pokémon. Just by existing, Dartrix raises the maximum damage a single United Wings attack can do from 240 to 300, which is enough to one-shot most Pokémon ex. Dartrix also gives the deck its first Grass-type attacker, allowing United Wings to attack Charizard ex for weakness and blow it out of the sky.

If you open this owl and aren't building United Wings for yourself, save it for someone who is.

#7 Kyurem 047/064
For almost two years Pokémon players have had to reckon with the Lost Zone engine, a small group of cards from Lost Origin that combine to do nearly everything you want to do in the Pokémon TCG, from drawing cards to accelerating Energy to sniping Pokémon in the Active Spot and on the Bench. The package of Colress's Experiment, Comfey, Sableye, Cramorant, and Mirage Gate has powered half a dozen deck variants since 2022, including the deck that won the North American International Championships in June.

Colress's Experiment (LOR-155)
Market Price: $0.16

Comfey (LOR-79)
Market Price: $0.31

Sableye (LOR-70)
Market Price: $0.42

Cramorant (LOR-50)
Market Price: $0.20


The Lost Zone engine will rotate out of Standard next year, but The Pokémon Company decided to give players an early reprieve by printing Kyurem, a card that targets Lost Zone with the precision of a microscope and the intensity of an orbital laser. Against any deck that runs Colress's Experiment (i.e. all Lost Zone decks), Kyurem lets you deal 110 to three different Pokémon for a single energy, enough to KO Comfey, Sableye, or Cramorant in any combination.

Expect this card to see a ton of play until Lost Zone rotates for good.

#6 Okidogi ex 090/064
The "Shrouded Fable" refers to the Loyal Three and their leader Pecharunt, all four of which received new Pokémon ex cards in Shrouded Fable. In keeping with the theme, these four cards all synergize, and together form a new Darkness-type deck archetype.

Okidogi ex acts as the main attacker for this deck, dealing a cool 260 damage when it's Poisoned, which can be bumped up to 300 with Binding Mochi. Three Energy is a significant cost, but you can accelerate to it as early as your first turn (going second) using a combination of Dark Patch and Janine's Secret Art.

This Special Illustration Rare version of Okidogi ex will be a key chase card in Shrouded Fable, both for players who want to build the best-looking version of this tricky new deck, and for collectors who want to keep Pecharunt and its minions where they can see them.

#5 Pecharunt ex 093/064
Speaking of Pecharunt, we have to mention the Special Illustration Rare version of Pecharunt ex. Like Okidogi ex, this is the fanciest version of one of the headliners in the set, so it's automatically a chase card for that reason. And as you'd assume, it also plays a key role in the Pecharunt/Loyal Three deck archetype.

Pecharunt ex lets you switch out your Darkness-type Pokémon, which conveniently includes every member of the Loyal Three. After you've softened up your opponent with Okidogi ex, Fezandipiti ex
undefined - undefined - undefined
detailsprice graph
Product Details

Sorry, no card description was found.
, and Munkidori ex, Pecharunt itself can come in and get the final Knock Out with Irritated Outburst.

#4 Fezandipiti ex 092/064
Fezandipiti ranks above Okidogi and Pecharunt because out of the four Special Illustration Rare Pokémon ex in Shrouded Fable, Fezandipiti ex has the best chance of seeing play outside of the dedicated Pecharunt deck. Flip the Script is a serious draw engine that any strategy can benefit from, especially decks with single-Prize attackers that can expect to give up a lot of KOs before the game ends. The Cruel Arrow attack gives decks of any type a way to snipe the Bench.

Between Flip the Script and Cruel Arrow, Fezandipiti ex offers two things that every Pokémon deck could use more of. Combined with all the appeal it shares with the two cards below it, this will probably be the most expensive Pokémon you can open in Shrouded Fable.

Your Old Pokémon Cards Want You to Play With Them
Can you remember what you were doing with your Pokémon cards in 1999? If you were like the kids at my school, you were collecting them in binders, and trading them in a strange Machiavellian war of posturing and intrigue. Maybe you were just stealing them outright from your friends and enemies.

What you probably weren't doing was... well, playing the Pokémon TCG.

As ubiquitous as Pokémon cards were in elementary and middle schools at the turn of the millennium, young fans who wanted to jump into the game had to clear a bunch of hurdles. First, you had to convince an adult in your life to buy you enough cards to fill out a 60-card deck. Then you had to find other people to play with. Then, if you didn't want to keep getting stomped, you had to navigate the nascent internet to a place like Pokeschool to learn which decks and strategies were actually worth playing—which might not have been the Pokémon you were excited about shuffling up to begin with.

With so many challenges, many kids never got as many chances as they wanted to play with the cards they loved so dearly. Which is a shame, because classic Pokémon TCG was fun—if it hadn't been, the game wouldn't still be thriving 25 years later.

The good news is, it's not too late! A robust and growing community of Retro Pokémon TCG fans has made it easier than ever to dive into Pokémon formats from years past and tailor the experience to your personal tastes. The cards you loved back in the day aren't worthless just because they're too scratched or bent to send to PSA. All it takes to breathe new life into them is one friend you can play with.

spite magazine


#1 Cassiopeia 094/064
Without a doubt, the #1 card everybody wants from Shrouded Fable is the Special Illustration Rare version of Cassiopeia.

Cassiopeia has one of the strongest effects ever put on a Supporter card. Nabbing any two cards from your deck is literally always exactly what you need. Except, twice! Granted, you have to clear a pretty high bar to use Cassiopeia—totally emptying your hand is both hard to do and generally the opposite of a sound strategy. But if players can figure out a way to meet that condition reliably, Cassiopeia is going to be nuts.

Playability aside, Cassiopeia is a slam dunk for collectors. Penny is one of the most interesting characters we've seen from a Pokémon game in years, and this card highlights exactly what makes her so compelling: her alter-ego as Cassiopeia, the faceless hacker who both leads Team Star and enlists the player character to disband it. Artist burari has packed this illustration with delightful details that sell Cassiopeia as a leet haxxor, from her split keyboard to the empty drink cans to the random numbers and pie graphs. And then there's that Sylveon smiling in the background to undercut the mood and remind us that Penny is a huge softie.

This card looks like a million bucks, and while it probably won't be quite that expensive, it's still going to be the top chase card in Shrouded Fable.

#9 Dachsbun ex 129/102
Dachsbun ex (Stage 1 Psychic Pokémon)
Ability: Full Stomach Time. Once during your turn when you play this card from your hand to evolve one of your Pokémon, heal all damage from your Evolution Pokémon. Then discard all Energy from any Pokémon healed this way.
[C][C] Wondershine: 130. Your opponent's Active Pokémon is Confused.
Average Price: $16.42.

Cards with the Special Art Rare (SAR) rarity are typically the most popular (and expensive) cards in Japanese sets, just like their International equivalents, Special Illustration Rares. Dachsbun ex ranks last of the SAR cards in Stellar Crown, which doesn't make a lick of sense. Just look at that good good doggo—couldn't you eat 'em right up?

3 Hopes (and 2 Fears) for Pokémon TCG Pocket
Last weekend at Worlds, The Pokémon Company announced that Pokémon TCG Pocket will release later this year on October 30, 2024.

First teased in February as a collaboration with DeNA, the developer behind Pokémon Masters EX, Pocket has been marketed as a way to replicate the entire experience of collecting and playing with Pokémon cards within a free-to-play mobile app. Players will be able to crack digital packs for digital cards, which they can use to play the Pokémon TCG online against other players. Unlike the existing Pokémon TCG simulator Pokémon TCG Live, Pocket won't exactly mirror the paper TCG. The cards and sets in Pocket will be exclusive to Pocket (with some card illustrations being reused, and others being completely new), and the gameplay will feature new rules meant to streamline the game for mobile.



While we still don't have details about the gameplay rules that will make Pokémon TCG Pocket distinct from the paper TCG, we do have enough information to paint a picture of what's coming in just a couple of months. That picture should put a smile on the lips of Pokémon TCG fans—and a lump in their throats, because this new app and the existing TCG are basically doomed to compete over similar audiences. Unlike other Pokémon mobile games like GO and UNITE, Pokémon TCG Pocket doesn't offer fans a new experience, just a lighter, more convenient version of an experience that already exists. And while competition could lead both games to evolve and grow, it's more likely we'll see a winner and a loser. All it takes is a look at the impact of MTG Arena on in-person Standard play to see how the growth of one way of playing a game can come at the expense of another.

Let's explore those tensions by looking at the opportunities and risks that come with The Pokémon Company's decision to spin off an alternate mode of their card game. These are my hopes and fears for Pokémon TCG Pocket.

Hope #1 - It Helps More People Enjoy Pokémon
The Pokémon trading card game is fun!

I'm sure you're shocked to see those words published on a site named "TCGplayer," but even if I'm biased, I'm still right. The Pokémon TCG has been delighting players since 1996. If Pokémon TCG Pocket helps more people try the Pokémon TCG, or fit more games into their busy lives, there will be approximately 0.06% more fun in the world. (For reference, that's enough fun to fill 20 oil tankers stacked end-to-end!) That can only be a good thing.

And there's every chance that Pocket will do both of those things, just by being a competent reimagining of the TCG for mobile audiences. Pokémon TCG Live, the game's official online simulator (for international audiences), technically runs on mobile, but it's been plagued by bugs and eats through batteries like a starving Gulpin. Live also doesn't do much to soften the edges of the Pokémon TCG that make the game frustrating to newcomers, like the length of the average match, and the fiddly resource management.

While no details about Pocket's gameplay rules have been confirmed, the tiny clips we've seen in the trailers suggest that it'll play similarly to the My First Battle product. Most notably, games in Pocket are expected to go to three KOs instead of six (with Pokémon ex still being worth more than one KO). That will cut game lengths in half, putting them closer to the length that fans of other modern mobile TCGs like MARVEL SNAP will be comfortable with.

The cards we've seen also reference an "Energy Zone," which suggests that Energy cards will be replaced with a pool of Energy outside of your deck. That'll mean one less resource to manage by perfectly sequencing your Trainer cards, which will give players more mental space to anticipate their opponent's moves. Or to just zone out—an underrated feature of mobile games for many casual players.

Hope #2 - It Nails the Magic of Trading
While Pokémon TCG Pocket mostly looks like any other modern digital TCG, one promised feature feels refreshingly retro: the ability to trade cards with other players.

If Pocket delivers on this promise, it'll set the game apart from every other digital card game, most of which drop the "T" from TCG to maintain stricter control of their in-game economy. Trading gives players a way to acquire the cards they want without spending more on in-app purchases. Hearthstone, Yu-Gi-Oh! Master Duel, and similar games opt instead for crafting systems that let you "trade" your unwanted cards to the system in exchange for any card you want, while ensuring that the system always gets the better end of the deal. Want one Legendary in Hearthstone? You'll have to disenchant four Legendaries to get it.

Not only do crafting systems force unequal trades, but by not implementing peer-to-peer trading, these games lose out on an entire dimension of what makes physical TCGs so fun. Because fans define their own goals in TCGs, mutually beneficial trades are easy to find. Different players want to build different decks, different collectors have different holes in their sets. Trading leads directly to the kinds of feel-good moments and community-building that keeps players invested.

Even better, trading gives players an avenue for social interaction outside of competition, which fits the vibes that most Pokémon fans are looking for. The main series Pokémon games are all single-player adventures about exploring a utopian world, making friends, and resolving conflicts by progressing dialogue (with some pet battling puzzles in between). The fans who fell in love with those games aren't looking for an intense 1-v-1 experience where they're guaranteed to lose ~50% of the time. They want more of that self-directed solo experience, but with the opportunity to give and receive help from other players. Collecting, paired with trading, provides that.

Hope #3 - It Inspires Pokémon to Experiment With the TCG
The Pokémon TCG is the second-oldest TCG that's been in print continuously since its first set, and it shows. While the game is still arguably the simplest TCG on the market in terms of its rules—no mean feat, considering the complexity creep that's plaguing competitors like Magic and Yu-Gi-Oh!—those rules were still written in the same year that Quake released on PC, and reflect that era of game design.

Needing 6 KOs to win pushes most games to the 20 to 40-minute range. The delicate balance required between Pokémon, Trainer, and Energy cards makes natural variance extremely punishing, and rewards players who methodically plan every sequencing decision to mitigate that variance as much as possible. And the way KOs award Prize cards can lead to death spirals where the player who's losing falls ever further behind. Mismanage your resources (or get unlucky), and you can easily wind up powerless to do anything while your opponent wails away on your helpless Pokémon for turn after turn after turn.

None of these qualities of the Pokémon TCG are "bad" per se (except maybe death spirals), but they don't reflect popular tastes in 2024. Compare this to MARVEL SNAP, where every game ends in 6 turns, every card is useful on its own by default, and the player who's behind can cut their losses at any time. The Pokémon Company has spent decades designing cards to bring their game into the 21st century: multi-Prize Pokémon and Energy acceleration to speed up games, generous search and draw effects to mitigate bad draws, and cards that reward playing from behind. But they're fighting against inertia that's baked into the game system.


If DeNA can design a slimmed-down version of the Pokémon TCG that catches on like SNAP, it might prompt The Pokémon Company to be more creative in how it manages the paper TCG. They could introduce a new format with rules that mirror Pocket. They could release a parallel product line of Pokémon cards made for that format. There's precedent—Yu-Gi-Oh did something similar with Speed Duel and Rush Duel, both of which Konami tried first in the Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links mobile app, which does for Yu-Gi-Oh! what Pocket promises to do for Pokémon. (Granted, the Speed Duel product line is about to go on indefinite hiatus, but Rush Duel is still going strong in Japan.)

In the most extreme case, The Pokémon Company could decide to throw out the old Pokémon TCG rules entirely in favor of the Pocket rules. That would be a huge blow to fans who prefer the current rules, but if Pocket was popular enough, a rules change could end up growing the competitive scene overall. Collectors, whose broad base and deep pockets keep the product line afloat, probably wouldn't notice or care. Pokémon might be the only TCG on the market that can afford to risk alienating its current player base, so while this is a wild hypothetical, it's not outside the realm of possibility. And it could be the best outcome in case of Fear #2. Before we get to that though, we have to address another possibility for Pokémon TCG Pocket:

Fear #1 - It Turns Into a Hellscape of Microtransactions
For all of Pokémon TCG Live's problems, it deserves credit for being absurdly affordable. There are no in-app purchases at all—practically unheard of for a free-to-download game. You can get cards by entering codes found in physical Pokémon TCG products, which is a nice piece of marketing synergy, but even that isn't necessary. The in-game currency you earn just by playing with the (remarkably strong) free decks you get at the start of every season are enough to maintain two or three top-tier decks.

That probably won't be the case with Pokémon TCG Pocket. The initial announcement advertised that players will be able to "open two packs per day at no cost," a statement dripping with implications for pack #3 and beyond. Microtransactions are basically inevitable in Pocket. The question is whether these transactions will turn Pocket into a pay-to-win nightmare where you can shortcut the result of every match by comparing bank statements with your opponent to see who has the bigger charge from their mobile app store. If two packs per day aren't enough to build a decent deck, and additional packs are too expensive, the game won't be playable except by the biggest whales.

Trading could mitigate this outcome a bit, but only if the game is well-balanced enough to support multiple decks, especially decks that don't require the "immersive" cards that collectors are going to be chasing too. If everyone's playing triple-diamond immersive Mewtwo ex, then a trading system might be even worse than a crafting system at ensuring that players can build the decks they want, because there won't be any way for players to acquire chase cards—except by buying as many packs as it takes for them to get lucky.

Fear #2 - It Fractures the Player Base
It would be disappointing if Pokémon TCG Pocket flopped, but it wouldn't have much impact on the Pokémon franchise as a whole. With DeNA handling the game's development, a failure probably wouldn't even slow down any other projects that The Pokémon Company is working on.

The worst case scenario will only unfold if Pocket is a wild success.

Imagine a future where Pocket takes off like Pokémon GO did in the summer of 2016. Everyone and their mother is ripping digital packs and recruiting their friends so they can trade together. The game is quick and engaging enough to compete with SNAP and other light mobile games with mass appeal.

A game that successful could easily eclipse the paper TCG as the "default" way to play with Pokémon cards. This isn't scientific exactly, but just compare the player-focused r/pkmntcg subreddit (100 thousand members) to the r/pokemongo subreddit (5 million members), and you can see the reach a free mobile game can have. That could leave the paper TCG starved for new players.

For all its faults, Pokémon TCG Live is great at onboarding players to the paper TCG. Not only does it teach players the game and automate all the shuffling, but marketing moves like code cards and the giveaways associated with big in-person tournaments encourage fans of Live to learn about the physical game. And once they do, they'll find the experience is identical to the one they enjoyed on the app: they can build the exact same deck they've been playing on Live and use it to win their locals. The paltry progression rewards of Live and the lack of online tournaments are annoying for digital-only fans, but they've kept Live from cannibalizing the physical game (the way that MTG Arena has cannibalized in-person Standard), because only in-person play offers a path to big tournaments and glory.

Pokémon TCG Pocket is different. DeNA has no incentive to funnel players to a physical experience, they're going to do everything they can to keep their players locked into the app. Any players who do get curious about the paper TCG are going to be confused and frustrated when they learn that they can't build any of their decks in paper. And if Pocket reaches all those potential players first, the paper TCG will struggle to find new sources of players to draw on.

The paper TCG could always move to capitalize on Pocket's success by adjusting their own rules to better match (or even replicate) the rules of Pokémon TCG Pocket. But if they miss those opportunities, the physical game could slowly dwindle to irrelevance.

To be clear, this wouldn't spell the end for physical Pokémon cards. Those will continue selling just fine to collectors, for whom the experience of owning real cards with real-world value can't be replicated with an app. But as a game, the Pokémon TCG has seen declines before. There's a real chance that Pokémon TCG Pocket becomes a barrier to the physical game by catching new players and either locking them into the app, or turning off fans who would have preferred the physical game before they get a chance to try it.

I don't want to be too alarmist. Pokémon TCG Pocket won't kill the golden goose that is the Pokémon TCG. But if you squint, it does look interested in harvesting blood from the golden goose to sell its plasma.

I’m sitting on my lunch break somewhere else and it all seems so gay to me


I’m sitting on my lunch break somewhere else and it all seems so gay to me


#5 Hydrapple ex 127/102
Hydrapple ex has the HP and damage potential of a serious contender in the Pokémon TCG, with the added benefit of accelerating Energy and healing Pokémon with its Ability. Players have been looking for a solid Grass-type deck that can attack Charizard ex for Weakness and stand up to the rest of the format for over a year, and Hydrapple ex could be the bruiser they've been waiting for.

Competitive potential aside, SAR Hydrapple depicts a Pokémon with an unforgettable design in a unique art style, which collectors absolutely adore. Small wonder this is one of the most expensive Pokémon in Stellar Miracle.

at a reading rn
its a marathon reading called blue in the face but im not here for poetry

klaft


Drive
The pavement rushes at me, lit up by headlights, beyond the darkness where not even dreams survive. I always used to think the future was so clear to me, but tonight it is much like this black highway. Speed is the god of this uncharted territory, and I’m writing its history as I go along. I’m headed to my parents' house, and I really, really have to poop.

Mean Girls
Did you know you can get away with being a covert narcissist by saying you're just autistic? These individuals take up a lot of space but are slacking on their contributions to the cultural canon. Being a photographer or a stylist is so devoid of character that it feels Pro-Israel. I think we need more writers even if they're mediocre.

hole
man i love hole so much

Remember Banes World lol


Too Fucking Fresh


Dude wipes
One swipe, cool as morning dew,
Dude wipes, clean and bare.
Remember to wipe your ass,
dude

👍


cinema
We come to this place… for magic.
We come to AMC theaters to laugh, to cry, to care.

Because we need that, all of us,
that indescribable feeling we get when the lights begin to dim.
And we go somewhere we've never been before;
not just entertained, but somehow reborn.
Together.
Dazzling images, on a huge silver screen.
Sound that I can feel.
Somehow, heartbreak feels good in a place likе this.
Our heroes feel like thе best part of us, and stories feel perfect and powerful.
Because here, they are.

Crucifixion
I didn't steal the coke and i didn't spill the fucking disgusting wine

I’m so worried
For summer to end. I think I will lose all my friends. It makes me sad that spite didn’t follow me back on Instagram

6 ingredient salad for art critics
i am making the 4 ingredient salad that someone posted on here but i am adding jalapeños for kick and avocado but as im typing this im realizing im not sure if avocado goes with tsaziki

6 ingredient salad for art critics
the avocado did pair well the tzatziki i’m thinking maybe next time i’ll add mint or dill

I just wrote for spite
LIKE A BOSS

The Lonely Island - Jizz In My Pants
Label:
Universal Republic Records – LIJIZZCDP1
Format:
CD, Promo, Single
Country:
US
Released:
2008
Genre:
Electronic, Hip Hop
Style:
Pop Rap, Electro

Tracklist

1		Jizz In My Pants (Clean Edit)	2:32
2		Jizz In My Pants (Album Version)	2:32
Published By – Snuglar Entertainment
Published By – Shebar Music
Published By – Boner Tek
Published By – Spazed Out Muzik Publishing
Mastered By – Tony Gillis
Mixed By – Brian Sperber

Query
Who do you think touches more kids? Noah or Chandler?

all of you coastie retards could never understand
the American/human condition writ large. just what the cities do to you. 

And that’s okay :)

No sheets
On the bed and it doesn’t have sheets

Imagine
Imagine not living on a coast. You practically don’t even exist in the world. Our institutions have abandoned you. The children born to these sorry states can’t wait to evacuate to the coasts fast enough. You don’t provide the cultural backbone you think you do. Nothing these cowpoke flyover states produce culturally actually has any potency until it is distilled on the coasts for consumption by people who actually have some fucking money. You fentanyl Cracker Jack corn pone fuck

Imagine
Imagine not living on a coast. You practically don’t even exist in the world. Our institutions have abandoned you. The children born to these sorry states can’t wait to evacuate to the coasts fast enough. You don’t provide the cultural backbone you think you do. Nothing these cowpoke flyover states produce culturally actually has any potency until it is distilled on the coasts for consumption by people who actually have some fucking money. You fentanyl Cracker Jack corn pone fuck

Been listening to creed
Been listening to a lot of creed lately I like the way the music makes me feel

lets try that again


So pissed off that google wont answwr my questions
List of batman characters
batman and joker differences
batman and joker friendship
why arent batman and jokwr friends
joker bad guy?
Why did jiker hurt batman?
how much does Alfred batman butler make per year?
Does Alfred get a W2?
Batman and Joker backstory
batmam and joker love story?
Batman and Joker best fight scenes
Heath Ledger  Joker burning pile of money 
Joker doing pushups
Batman christian bale doing pushups
Is Batman jealous of how funny the Joker is?
Joker comedy career tips
Why did Joker shoot Robert De Niro in the face?
Funny birthday cards for ex-wife
Batman and joker audio clops
Batman and joker audio clopa
Batman and Joker audio clops
Batman and joker audio clips
Joker touching the small of batman's back
Batman gruffly saying that the Joker looks cuter than usual today
batman and joker secretly sharing a kiss 
Batman and joker college freshman 
POV: You are the Joker and Batman is your bully but has a secret crush on you
Joker love confession but batman romantic but also sexual 
how to block phone calls from daughter
Bat man and Joker yaoi subreddit
Batman and Joker yaoi free download
Does Joker have abs? 
Funny birthday cards for ex-husband
Batman and Joker yaoi comics physical copies overnight shipping 
Is alfred gay or asexual or both? 
Batman and Joker hentai on LazerDisc
Air conditioner filters 
Joker Girlfriend Experience
Joker Boyfriend Experience
how to experience the joker physically
Are Batman and Superman brothers? 
Did The Batman happen in real life? 
why doesnt the president help batman foght the joker? 
Is Alfred a Real guy? 
Butler salary Portland, OR
Batman and Joker candlelit love confession in batman's mansion(not in the batcave, but in the mansion) turns sexual with gorgeous musical score and The Joker's makeup runs down his face while he looks into Batman's eyes and Alfred is watching
Certified pre-owned toyota prius financing

hi


hi


hi


hi


hi


hi


hi


hi


i want a kitten
when i was 5 and my parents were having a violent divorce fight my dad stopped the fight to tell me he would get me a kitten and he never did

I miss my ex and his new girlfriend is r*tarded
I don’t Care that you wear brandy melville or that it fits loosely on you What about hobbies and interests and things in common

I started vaping recently
now my chest feels tight sometimes. and i cough a lot. and i already have asthma. and vapes are gay and cigarettes are better but there’s nothing like vaping while laying in bed.

Drinking wineee
Mmmm ;)

i can be your boyfriend
sounds like your ex is a bad guy

OCD
The truth is you will always want someone so much more interesting than yourself. 

You will always only listen to music from TikTok and watch The Office and feel small when someone enjoys more of life than you do. 

You'll always cry on your birthday. 

You'll always replace me even though I was never that good to begin with.

You'll always try teach tricks to a retarded dog. 

You'll always masturbate to pictures of Andrew Garfield and vomit. 

You'll always have your happy picture trapped inside of the Nintendo Wii's photo gallery and it feels light years away. 

You'll always want someone to be insatiable for you, to cup your cunt in public, to need to kiss your neck or he might die but you will never give him any reason to. 

You will always turn to the wall and go to sleep, never sharing your pillow, because you can't have anyone else's germs on it. 

Well, life is all germs. 

Grow up.

Happy birthday.

anon, be my boyfriend
he was a liar and he makes me cry. Should we go on a date?
love,
anon❤️

being a bad writer is like jacking off
being a good writer is like fucking

11:11 summer and stuff
Everyone’s saying that summer is over but that’s not true. It gets really hot in September. A couple years ago I went to Disneyland in September and it must’ve been 105 degrees. I only had $4 and I bought a churro. I thought I was going to faint. I haven’t been back since. Not because of any of that but anyway. I’ve read a lot of books this year and I fear that I’ve already said too much. I’m still in school which is slightly lame, but at least I have shit to do. I’ve quit a lot of jobs and I’ve been fired from 2. I have effectively lost ever lover I have ever had. Except for this current one but he will be gone soon too. He’s 27 and is a music teacher or something. His roommate is some 90 year old lady and we have sex on his bed that he says costs a lot of money and it’s alright.

stupid retarded LA loser fucks
i hate you vapid cringe LA influencer losers and how you only care about those around you who are most relevant. actually most horrible people i’ve ever met. some people are super cool and i love them but the overwhelming majority of people out here do not give a fuck about anything other than their stupid status that will not last in the next five years.

PARANOIA
Anyone and everyone is an answer. Let’s play games Pos(t)ers…

(re: PARANOIA) ask paranoid questions…see how people respond:

cringiest reader?

first one to say retarded at the function?

if ______ died who would be happiest?

who looks the most like an animal and what animal?

thunder thighs?

ugly name?

last bitch standing at prado?

shyest baddie?

Everyday I wake up and I’m sick of shit
You heard me

It’s a shame that sex is your god
Seriously

My son
Son named Prosperity and dog named Success

Some of you are scary
I said what I said.

Normalized Greed
Stop wishing on 11:11 that’s Greed sinner Bitch

Um
Did I say I wished ho I just wrote that at 11:11 
>_>

retard counter
155 spites
7 retard/eds 
9 including this one

Date
If anyone wants to date I am open to dating and dates boyfriends. having sex. going on dates, being in love, etc the whole nine yards. You and me. Together. Dating going steady
True Romance. kissing and affection?

People in LA aren’t having enough bisexual three ways
normalize three ways where there’s a gay guy and a bi guy and bi or straight girl where they teach the gay guy that vaginas are cool and fun. And where the girl gets turned on by dudes being little fags

CALLING UPON THE LA X NY ALT-LITERARY SCENE— LET’S DO THIS THING


Query
Is it worse to be a hebephile or to be a gay guy who has sex with girls

Who’s gonna hook up at opening of the art season?
What are the new art couples going to form at the opening of the season? Will an artist date a gallerist? Advisor with a writer? Collector with a handler?

Spiritual affliction
I'm so incapable of taking anything seriously even if it's really important. Also poor people lighting follows me everywhere i go

Are u gonna make it so you can reply to people
Ever?

Are we allowed to have code names? Secret author names?
I’ll be serpent sniper ?

Aspiring DJ
you guys are sooo lucky i don't try to make music that you'd have to pretend that you like because if i did it would be extremely annoying 

sometimes i have a musical idea and i sigh in relief that i don't know how to execute it 

you're welcome xx

aspiring dj
continuing on

yesterday my idea was to make an ambient song with a slowed down and pitched up tigers jaw sample

100 ingredient salad for teaconstructed spite authors


digital abyss
pick up a pen (or pencil) to actually write unmediated by computer demons on god

The Advent of Google and Its Consequences
In response to the anon who is pissed off with Google, I hope you know this is a gift. Google was invented to shrink our brains by destroying the process of reasoning that occurs within the gap between a conjecture and your arrival at the library. Like as in before google we used to have to ponder questions for hours before having our answer. This helped us to exercise our brains to figure things out ourselves. Hope this is helpful ily

pentel twist-erase 0.5
what's your favorite pencil? mine is pentel twist-erase 0.5. it has a nice weight. i press hard when i write so i like thinner harder lead for more elegant lines. the twist-erase eraser is sturdy and erases cleanly. for the record i'm right handed.

ESL streetwear
Toe Hotel

Interesting Sons

Blounge

Urban Creed

anonymity
hey so uhhh im kind off scawed that if i write in the same style every time someone will be able to piece together whose submitting what submissions based on pattewn wecognition

North korea
some of you pretend to love north korea to seem cool but really you don’t know anything about north korea everything you know you learned in that movie with seth rogan and james franco

re: north korea
uhhh that's actually not true i watch north korean satellite television (real)

Too Many "Friends"
My partner and I are so unable to say no that we have hosted a total of 22 different people at our small ass appt this year, sometimes with no prior notice and sometimes even multiple people for weeks at a time. On TOP of that, many of our guests seem to expect that we front the costs for ubers deliveries and restaurants. If this is you - if someone is letting you stay at their place - at LEAST offer to put your fucking card down at the restaurant for ONCE. Or, if you don't, pay us back please because it's seriously adding up since everyone does this to us and conveniently forgets to pay us back

ok listen im all about hospitality that's why we have hosted 22 different people but I don't have the money to bankroll everyone who stays over. i mean this is crazy they should be paying for OUR food lol. btw this doesn't apply to all guests, just most of them lol

The thing is we are firm believers in a hospitable society of community and giving. and SOME of our guests have demonstrated that they also feel that way. But not many. Hospitality doesn't work in a society where there is no back and forth. It's like these ppl think we are a free hotel. Or Penelope waiting for Odysseus in Ithaca. These ppl literally act like the suitors eating all of our heifers

like please im begging you give me a fucking grandstand about the virtues of hospitality but i promise you until you walk in my shoes you have no legs to stand on with regards to that

My spotify playlists
- Hamilton
- Shopping
- Sheeping
- Sheeping season 2
- pret a manger
- wampire weeken

Werk
Oh tea, did you just come for me, you lil’ messy? Let’s spill it—I’m the top-tier Navy Seals grad, periodt. Not only was I serving looks, but I was serving top-secret raids on Al-Qaeda, chilé, with over 300 confirmed slays, hunty. I stay ready in gorilla warfare, and my sniper game? Unmatched. You? You’re just another target in my DMs, sweetie.

You really thought you could drop some mess and walk away, huh? Chile, think again. As we sip, my network is tracing your IP, and I’m about to serve you a full tea-storm, no shade. I’m talking a hurricane of retribution that’ll leave your wig snatched and your life? Cancelled. You’re done, periodt.

I’m anywhere and everywhere, 24/7, and I can end you in seven hundred ways, bare hands, no cap. Not to mention I’ve got access to the entire United States Marine Corps arsenal, ready to pop off and erase you from the map. So let me just say, if you knew the tea about what kind of divine clapback was coming your way, maybe you would’ve just scrolled on by. But now? Sis, you’re drowning in it.

You’re done, kiddo, and that’s tea.

Spite


4 ingredient salad for incels
Chop Persian cucumbers into dimes Chop romaine into desired shape Toss with tzatziki sauce Add rotisserie chicken bits you can just pull off the corpus of the animal with your hands and shred as you go. Season with salt and pepper

Swamp Jank
I’m talking to this creole guy who’s a ragtime pianist because I’m bored and need to talk on the phone with randoms at least once a week. At first I thought he was neat because he’s a software engineer and taught himself how to read when he was 20 but I cyber stalked him and talked to him on the phone and I’m pretty sure he’s cracked. Why is everyone so down and out? like he’s old and had his car repossessed and all he has is his cat  and his piano and the keys are falling off. Kind of want to do an art project about him but scared he’d kill me with an axe.

Could rly use a jamba juice rn
Peach perfection and a cheddar tomato twist

Heroin
Before I kill myself I want to enjoy a lot of Heroin. Is it a bad decision if I try it all on the streets of New York seeing if I can make it while being homeless and stuck. Maybe work odd jobs and do heroin try xanax and some stuff

Im trying to fuck
I want new nice girl to fuck

732-233-3264

Im Trying To Fuck
732-233-3264

Speculative Geopolitics (20 vs 200 Year Time Series)
If anyone saw me and my bf fighting loudly about speculative geopolitics on East 53rd St today during which we both microaggressed eachother ...

to the lady sitting next to us- i hope you enjoyed being enlightened to our ideas

Robbery
I know this store leaves their back door open over night, should I sneak on and tap the till tonight?

Nasty nasty girls
stop being grotesque obtuse and lewd you keyboard warrioresses

Women
Lascivious lavish crush fades blossoming from cracked screen protector tappings on poor keyboard haptics

blessed are the meek and the inland
because god knows none of you retards will see the gates

the only way to make a girl like you
create a world for her to inhabit where she is the queen

has anyone here
ever killed an animal for meat? reckoned with their place on the food chain? stood understanding in the violence inherent in living?

allison if u ever read this
if you didn't send me that notes app pre-block message i would have sent you the text about the wonderful girl in berlin but instead i am thinking about the horses in bend oregon and the way they love you .

time to move on
i got my post about how le coastal gay retard riche are evil and i don’t really like them out of my system so i think it’s time to move things along, i think they/we got the message

Writing is like eggs
Hard boiled is healthiest, scrambled is most delicious, 
both delicate, sophisticated preparations

Soft boiled makes me queasy 

Fried takes the least time and effort
Comes out hard, over easy, or middium
Taste ok but it’s bad for you, junkie

honeslty you can tell everything you need to know about a person from a quick glance at their instag


Re: anon that was posting about meat and the food chain and stuff
Yeah I’ve been fishing a lot. An individual, recreational fishing license permits you to catch up to 20 surf perch per day in Los Angeles. One surf perch is the perfect amount of food for a meal. You can catch surf perch anywhere on the coast of Southern California. The best time to catch a surf perch is an hour before or after high tide. A capable fisherman can easily catch a surf perch by standing in shallow water and casting into crashing waves. I’ve had a lot of success with blood worms as bait. If you catch one surf perch, you can probably catch a bunch since they travel in schools. Good luck

Brooklyn
I leave for a few months at a time, I always have new neighbors when I get back. Everything is new, new people getting off at my stop, new baristas with lip piercings, new scaffolds on new developments, etc. usually this means that the people will get richer, albeit hotter.
No no no no no this is not true anymore when did all
These ugly people move to Brooklyn. I don’t mean normal people or straight people or even the more egregious trust-punks. I mean ugly ugly people, like deformed and oozing all out of every pore. People with swollen cyst faces, greasy fingers with extra digits , fat hairy tongues that hang over teeth like a beer gut. People that leave slime on the subway seat when they get off the train. Who mouth-breathe so flies will land in their throats accidentally. And they all dress better than me.

Latino trade
???

Don’t forget
Don’t forget to use a VPN when you post on here guys. You never know who (or what) is collecting your data on here (or why).

k
It is incredible to me, how many people I know doing ketamine all the time. Even more worrisome, is how many people don’t know that ketamine makes you piss blood, if consumed in excess. Piss blood and piss your pants. I’m buying all the adult diapers to resell on Facebook marketplace.

replying to anonymity post
I am also scared of this. and i think i have revealed too much already

Leveling
I’ve gotta say the salads being posted on here don’t look good at all. Might as well just eat ranch if you’re going to eat that way. Enough with the trenches salads. Maybe use a real cucumber? Please get some spinach or shallots or pickled goods in there or something fn. Olive oil ?

I dream of my ex girlfriend every night
and sometimes her mother

I too dream of my ex
every single night. In one dream he was dying and I woke up crying. I have already posted about him here yeah whatever. In one dream he told me I was funny and I said I don’t want to be funny anymore.

does anyone here have some thielbucks
I kinda need some this world isn’t cheap

house of spite
guys, people come in and out of our lives. please. it's all fine. is anyone selling weed rn los feliz area

motor department of city
they put the boot on my car again. my car is just fucking stuck there, on some random street in Bushwick. my car can’t defend itself — ive been on these streets at night. even if i pay this “$900” that i supposedly owe, it’s gonna take a day for >>>>them<<<< to get back to me with the secret little code that gets it off. by then, what car remains will be litter. little creep bastard on ketamine who lives next door is gonna fuck the exhaust pipe, probably breed it. the sky rats are gonna shit all over it, make it bird shit white. >>>>they<<<< will probably even give it another parking ticket since it’s just stuck there and the street cleaner hits that road tomorrow morning. why the fuck they put the boot on my car again. fascist ass city boot

Vaping turns me on
She listens to nettspend and vapes in bed. Her bright dyed hair is sprawled  across her FFFFFF bedsheets. ahhhh perfevt! her room fits perfectly in the perfectly square perfectly instagram frame. I take a million of millions of pictures of her! ahhjhh. oh! how i love your fake green vines that match your squinted green eyes and they get heklla juxtaposed with the orange creamsicle vape. Lets make art! Vaping is beautiful yuh ok and im not asha,med of it anymore, ill scream it from the rooftops! vape in your bed! Be beautiful! Genius! Genius ! Genius!. the way it spill out her mouth tho(the vapor). its like its 2020 and were plkaying minecraft, iits thunderstorming the soundtrack makes you cry becuase you cant see your friends because its 2020 and you cant see your friends  because their dad has cancer and is covid vulrable or what ever bc its 2020. Im vulreable too. I dont tell anyone im vulrable becuase I just learned it perverted for a man to say that. so u have to play minecraft, i forgive them for having vunrable family i forgive myself for being vunrable., my friends dad introduced me to Looking For Alaska like John Green. Its like its 2017 and im singing you "Its Every Night Sis" by Ricegum. trust me its adorable. She makes Clout Goggles hot. You make clout goggle s hot. We hold hands in a circle and all make Clout Goggles hot. I stole your THRASER HOODIE. I dont think Ive heard a single nirvana song and yet i spend 2% of every day fantasizinfg about going back in time to kick it with kurt cobain. Im conviced we woukld have a lot to talk about........

Vertigo movie
4 hours down the drain

I don’t wanna pay rent anymore
I got to a point where I really believe paying rent is self-harm. And it’s so painful. Why the fuck do I have to keep working my ass off just to give all the money to my landlord. Can someone on spite please buy me a house? Nothing fancy. A one bedroom condo will do. Only one window required. If the bathroom has I promise if I have that I’ll become a much happier person and stop all my bad habits.

I too dream about my ex


i didnt even know u could go negative on apple cash


Gambling Addiction
I love gambling & now as of recent Im helping friends who have never gamvled before win money by setting up new accounts for them with their info on my phone & using the free bonus bets they give me to make like 200-600$ in a few days. I dont wanna work or grift. Iteach at a school for behavioral retarded kids but I really wanna gey rich for gambling and bless them all & all my friends if I can hit the right parlay

Money
Whoever wants some free money hit me up

I wish it was a scam. I would just rather grift and do fucky shit for money than like work some slave like job slogging food into bowls or doing manual labor shit is ass and hurts your back over time even if it slightly breads you

I like romance and fun times and cutting corners artistically versus some faggot shit

I Love Women and Want Them


Chicken Francese
This was so tasty, gorgeous white wine toned with lemon just the right blend of citrus and butter. Cooked just about right, great portion of penne. The bread was soft and fresh

Not in a Good Way


M


i dont know any of you
i dont live on the coast or in a city and im not a creative nor do i pretend to be also im not involved in any scene for that matter and ive never attempted to contribute anything to any culture and additionally im unemployed. i crave the feeling of community and so i live vicariously through people online. occasionally i visit new york or la and attend some art event but i feel so out of place that i dont stay for long. and sometimes i see some art person from online irl and im so struck by how pretentious they are that i get mad at myself for ever expecting otherwise. being midwestern is a psychological burden i wish on nobody.

We All Love You Here
To the previous anonymous

response to previous posts
i’m unemployed and everyone you look up to on social media is actually Fake and feels they same way and they’re just living vicariously through other people on social media also
2. i want free money

this is me adeline im too drunk and impulsive to want to be anonymous
im like an indoor cat sprinting out the back door at the earliest opportunity, i will die because i was curious
i am a cat getting hit by a car asking the car for forgiveness
forgive me for leaping in front of you,
forgive me for making a mess
forgive me for thinking the world would be beautiful

don't even look at me
u don't even look at me u dont see me i feel unseen your eyes reflect the world your eyes reflect your mirror i'm looking at you i look at you i want to see you i reflect you your eyes reflect you you're looking at you i'm behind the mirror i'm in my glass eye reflecting you back to your eyes but you don't see me you're not looking you don't look do you look at me do you look at my glass eye do you see through me do you see me are you looking in my eye i feel unseen i feel a glass eye i eye i want you eye want you i want you eye your eye i want you(an essay)

Freyja, i feel like our car-ride discussion ended on a bad note and it's left me mulling. i am alway
QUOTEFreyja, i feel like our car-ride discussion ended on a bad note and it's left me mulling. i am always frustrated by how difficult it is for me to articulate things i feel passionate about, and i definitely started clamming up and panicking back there. I know this isn't a well-received topic, PETA really makes it sound like a self-entitled cult, and I freak out because I don't want to say something wrong that will make all my friends think I am part of some... self-entitled cult. But i feel strongly that it is a discussion worth having, and worth having with you because i know you are a passionate being too. I know for a fact that much of our values are aligned, and I recognize that we have belief systems that are enacted in different ways. I am really interested to hear more about your way.
 | 
if you're open to hearing all the things I was struggling with during our conversation, here it all is. 
 || 
I am fundamentally against the exploitation of female reproductive organs, of which are subject to societal and historical manipulation at the hands of those in power. In the case of dairy (as a whole), I see the manipulation of the bodies and reproductive systems of cows to be a direct product of those powers. I do not see why one womb, one life-giving body, one heart, one mother should be excluded from consideration because of sentient status as a species. To me, ignoring the experience of a creature whos experience can be wholly recognized within our own traumas is entirely... frightening. How can this connection be ignored, especially by fellow womb-slingers & children raisers? As former children ourselves?
 ||| 
I would like to hear more on your stance regarding plants. In all honesty, I was really taken aback to hear your plant sympathist argument... because to overlook/discredit the trauma of a mammal, who shares much of our physical biotic makeup, unlike plants, makes me wonder why the argument is even relevant. Like, plants are so abstract! Don't get me wrong -- I am ecstatic to be alive at a time where science is advancing to the point of communication with our weird, funky floral siblings, in any capacity. But like, it is a lot harder to look in the eyes of a carrot and see suffering (generational trauma) than it is a cow.
I am pro-abortion rights. I am also pro womens rights. I am all for the rights of individuals regardless of gender, and species really, to have autonomy over their own flesh prison. So it probably goes without saying I am absolutely not a proponent of "THE ESSENSE OF LIFE", and therefore have a hell of a hard time understanding why anyone who shares these similar values of feminism would advocate for the voice of veggies, when cows are still, still, still being raped, forcibly impregnated, denied motherhood, and genetically altered to the point of no return ALL for the sole purpose of extracting resouces from their body FOR the mere pleasure of taste. Which can be found elsewhere, btw.
 |||| 
It is NOT death that appals me, nor natural systems/processes of life/ death/ killing. What I am disgusted by is unnecessary cruelty & outdated tradition, specifically enacted by humans onto others as a result of a system encouraging caste/specie superiority. The dairy industry to me relfects all the beauty of living among kin and the truth of living within a self-sufficient cycle that we have entirely lost due to colonization. It is all that is horrible about humans. I cannot see it as anything but pathetic in how we cannot bring ourselves to move past something so obsolete and cruel.
 ||||| 
On the point of colonization and white guilt: I know! Why such emphasis on veganism when we, as humans, haven't nearly addressed the millenia of perpetuated genocide on this land's Native population? Where's the activism there? Well, in all honesty, I don't know how to address that yet. I know that it will take a lot more than a simple something, and that simple something is how i justify my veganism. IT'S. EASY: Just don't buy industry level animal products. Curing racism? Obviously not so simple. But this is my point -- right here, right now, the needles suffering enacted on "farm" animals, could be over. We live in an age of excess, infinite alternatives, and affordable options. This future is possible NOW, which is why I feel so frustrated with... the world, and with animal-derived products and consumers, and can never articulate it. I get overwhelmed! I want solutions for reclamation and healing for BIPOC injustices and the land too, and I think eating plant-based is just a first step. One of the easiest. And in tandem with BIPOC struggles, do you know how much money is funneled into the dairy industry? The FDA is daddy's little milkslut which is why milk is so cheap and such a suffocating presense from so early on. Public schools always have it, not because it is actually good for human/ child consumption, but because they're gotten past the point of normalization in the minds of all us bystanders and IT MAKES THEM SO MUCH MONEY.
 |||||| 
But on to accessibility. Both you and I grew up on the poorer side of things. I had the luxury of having two houses for a time, which probably makes me privelaged, but I understand the massive influence that frugality has over our lives and history. I understand that the school lunch was cheapest. I know that on a budget, the 12-pack of hotdogs that are selling for $6 will be prioritized over the $6 6-pack of plant-based doggies. But consider what other sacrifices we make in our day to day lives -- we pay more for things we care about, right? I think the role of food & consumption has been grossly forgotten by the vast majority of people as an essential part of who we are as a collective species. I question why there is no longer ritual or respect for eating, when it is so integral a process for not just humans, but all life. For a process shared entirely on this planet by all things living, where did all the love go? No connection, thought, or time is put into microwaving a hot dog. And very little consideration, much less care, is given to the origins of its meat. This goes for all foods, veggies included -- of course I'm really sad that I can't always buy local produce, as I know eating that which is given by the land we tread can be so beneficial to our immune systems, health, building antibodies specific to our region, and sense of belonging... But the simple fact is the structure of our society makes it difficult and inconvenient to do so. So for me, eating plant-based is the lesser of two evils, because it's not a difficult transition. And eating local (plant-based or not) is absolutely a wonderful next next step. 
 ||||||| 
No, I'm NOT totally against eating meat. Whaat?? This goes back to colonization. I think there was, at one point in time, a system of killing animals for food that was morally intact. Proper respect for the dead, celebration of life, zero waste and never consuming/ taking in excess are all incredible concepts to me that I admire even outside of food systems. But considering, again, the millenia of trauma enacted on the very core systems that placed people within nature, I believe we are past the point of return, of healing, and have totally placed ourselves at odds with the planet. Not participating in the battle to consume animal products is my way of allowing the land some sense of reclamation just by my little personal contribution, a breather.
 ||||||| 
But I do respect local meat vendors, as an undoubtedly lesser evil than like Tyson Meats, and I doubly think that the hike in price charged by local farners is justified. Why pay cheap for the death of a creature who did not choose to die? That's just plain rude, wham bam thank you maam. Seeing cheap meats on the store shelves make me ashamed as a human, sick & sad deep in my heart and I struggle to understand why other people don't feel that way too. That as humans, we exploited our power and took the advantage of death. What right do we have? Where's the shame? Why is the life and body of another creature reduced to $6 links? Why is a gallon of milk $2.50 or a rotisserie chicken $4? Where is the respect in that? And why can't we see that a couple dollars spent each time to the benefit of our bodies and the bodies of other beings a worthy investment? Am I privelaged in knowing that a mushroom tastes better than a burger steeped in suffering? 
If it's not worth the high price, maybe you shouldn't buy it. Or maybe you should save up and treat that meat as the luxury it truly is. (Like travelling; somewhere in my heart I believe that if I can't walk there, maybe I shouldn't be there.) Otherwise, you are just another human who takes and takes and takes and takes and only sometimes gives. Why not give every time?
 |||||||| 
So how about the "it's natural to eat other animals, doing so is what enabled humans to survive all these years" argument? Well, I would like to know what is so NATURAL about whatever the fuck it is we're doing to animals and crops since back before the agricultural revolution? What is normal about waltzing into the supermarket and swiping the magic card in exchange for some non-human milk curdled into cheese made by machines that operate on cows that live 10,000 miles away and wrapped tight with plastic, and then we take it home and eat it on little processed chips to then poop it out into the magical porcelin void that will take it all away? No. That argument is not valid. You cannot tell me that consuming dairy at all after the age of like 4 is in any way natural. Much less from an entirely different mammal. Mother. 
||||||||| 
Basically I have mommy issues and I probably project a lot and that is why i get so defensive when people don't feel all this certain type of way that i do. It all sounds like excuses to me, but I don't want to be incompassionate towards my friends and invalidating of different perspectives. So please share yours with me so I can understand better?UNQUOTE 
 (an essay)

To the person that wants free money
Send your cashapp & after I hit some parlays on sportsbook I'll cashapp you or venmo you

I love him but he’s kind of r worded


cashapp or venmo
there is no anonymity in that. it can’t be done. not here

billboard idea
will send nudes, $5

Trevor?
Trevor?

Trevor
yes, this is trevor

(it's not trevor but i can be anything you want me to be

un-kosher pussy
bubie wants me to marry a man who is circumcised. she offered to pay for a matchmaker named mrs.gold, a legend in the community who specializes helping the desperate and lonely. i googled her, turns out she died 20 years ago, so i opened the hinge app to — josh, 29, jewish, former heroin addict, looking for a girl who regularly attends therapy. he doesn’t lie anymore, his mom passed away when he was young. he plays guitar, and writes poetry, he believes in god, and likes walking dogs even though he doesn’t have one. i’m really scared of needles, but i opted not to share that. instead i asked if he had ever seen panic in needle park, an old movie starring al pacino, directed by joan didion. he hadn’t seen the film, but he knew what it was about. he said, “it would bring back old memories of his 3rd stint in rehab, the last time he was in love”. 

i was eating sushi in beverly hills, so i forgot to answer. he followed up to share some less than unique opinions about the city we’re both from. toronto does suck sometimes, other times it doesn't. i tell him i’ve been contemplating leaving permanently for the last year, but haven't been able to make the commitment. he questioned where i’d go if i were to leave for good, before i could answer, he followed up with, a single message that read: "israel???" 

typically I’d prefer to cum on someone’s face before heading into this territory. politics aside, it is an unhinged place to romanticize. i've been there once before, it’s definitely not paris or berlin, they barely have a metro system, but what else could i expect? coming from a die hard red hot chili peppers fan, who thought brutalism was a sex thing. it's giving uncultured and low iq, but i took the bait anyway… it’s been a while since i played the keyboard bongos + i’m bored and horny. 

i couldn’t comprehend why he'd want to live in a place where his future children would be forced into the military. a place where freedom is limited, and a death camp sits just beyond the boarder. sure, the beaches are nice, but that's not a reason to live under fascism. does he even understand? we won the geographic lottery! he responded to tell me, “all jews will be unsafe by the year 2050.” oooOOoooO scary. “israel is the only place we will be protected!, all jews come from the same place, its our nationality!”, i corrected him, by definition, he meant ethnicity. i felt offended because this guy is kind of ugly, pale, and it's likely his hairline is receding. i don’t fuck with ashkenazi food and i have way better bone structure. besides, we can’t be from the same place, I hate seeing kids die on the tv. 

he told me canadian health insurance covered his time at an LA detox facility. i started to question if i was right to argue him on how privileged we are to be north american.  i can’t even see a gynaecologist in ontario, but apparently 30% of my income goes to rich kids who don’t want to feel things. 

i don’t think i am special enough for the masses to threaten my safety. its a state of mind, after all, i’m just a girl before anything. i am unsafe for a lot of reasons, but not because i am jewish. i am unsafe because i text strange men online, and i smoke a lot of cigarettes. i am unsafe because i have blue light addiction and whenever i am on my period i contemplate suicide. i am unsafe because it makes my panties wet, but most of all because it’s a choice and i have that privilege. 

“ANTI-ZIONIST” he wrote. 

what a dirty word, I prefer to think about the zoo. i wonder a lot about zyn, i used to watch a lot of that show zoboomafoo. anna and dasha call themselves, “bought and paid for zio whores”, i guess i don’t mind it in that context. i don’t have a belief system, i almost never know what day it is. does he even know who i am? i can barely get out of bed in the morning! my gel manicure tap, tap, tapping on the chinese glass, mid sentence his fragility got the best of him. one final word and then he hit me with the BLOCK! this motherfucker called me a liberal, and I couldn’t even respond. I told bestie a more creative choice would have been, un-kosher pussy.

Nothing
I dont care about anonymity I love missionary sex and sometimes I crave it

Smooth skin feels amazing nothing else satisfies that feeling

I bring my computer with me everywhere I go
I love my ex very much. She is a very sweet, wonderful girl. I am a berry bad person.

Dont Care About Anonymity
These are my eyes after doing sananga

Syncopate

732-233-3264

No one eats pawpaws anymore
But we can change that. Pawpaws are a fruit native to eastern North America that are in the same family as the custard apples and soursops that grow in tropical Asian and South American climates. I am telling you all this because September is the month when pawpaws reach their ripened state, and since these fruit are not grown on a commercial scale, this will be your only chance for the next year to try them. While there may be some rare occasions to purchase this fruit, I highly recommend foraging for them in the wild. If you don't know where to start looking, try using the app iNaturalist to search for pawpaws that have been located in your area. You may be surprised by how many are hiding in plain sight!

I also miss my ex and his new girlfriend is also retarded
Saw a post that said that and I just wanted to say that same because same

To the guy posting his face
Please stop, yo!

I used to. Dream about my ex like every night but trust me everyone if gets better
Don’t worry it’ll be better trust me I’ve been there it was really bad but time will heal (in reference to posts that were made before abt dreaming about your ex)

people out there getting married and engaged and i just wanna mow hay


Hay


To the guy saying dont post my face
Get off my dick ill post whatever i want faggot

Ill Post It A Thousand Times
You fucking faggot retard "yo"

Ill Post It A Thousand Times
You fucking faggot retard "yo"

Good night , I hope everyone has beautiful dreams featuring their exes tonight


you’re all freaks
I hate every single one of my exes and i dream of The Future

Re: Ill Post It A Thousand Times
I didn’t write the original post calling for you to stop posting yourself but let’s maybe not say “faggot”, retard fuck

thinking about the mountain
I tried to drive to the forest after work but there was a wreck on I-5 so to burn time I called my mom and she told me about her colonoscopy. After we talked about her colon which is fine my mom asked does it stay warm in Los Angeles in the winter, I said basically yes, she said “like Mexico”, I said yeah it’s like Mexico, she said “is it on latitude with Mexico?” so I was like “what do you mean” and she was like “well I don’t know where Mexico is in relation to California” and I was like “this is making me feel insane! it’s south of California” and she said “I knew where it was in relation to New Mexico, just not California” and I said “well maybe it’s confusing because of Baja California?” … she said yeah that must be it, but my mom was an elementary school teacher, she’s seen a map before, I didn’t want to rub it in or anything but I did ask “have you ever been to California?”  She said yes, once, when she was a child. She said she’d never forget the Pacific Ocean which was the most incredible experience of her life, it was nothing like Florida or the Atlantic Ocean though those are also special. She said she didn’t know until recently that Los Angeles was north of San Diego and that seemed more forgivable to me than the Mexico thing. Our call dropped while I was driving into the Angeles National Forest and I simultaneously realized I had negative amount of gas so I parked at the closest thing, a national forest fire station, and walked an hour up a fire road where I saw a bunch of tiny finches and a blue grey mountain and a bunch of dry flora very delicately rust colored and when I descended the mountain I encountered the firefighters washing a pistachio green fire truck. When I think back on our conversation I remember telling my mom “yeah LA is Mexico” which might have been confusing but I just meant to say it’s not so different climatically or culturally, you have to ignore a certain amount of what they tell you about where you live in elementary school, and maybe my mom is just some kind of elevated teacher unconcerned with borders delivering children’s hearts directly into the mind of god. Anyway it was a catholic school

Bedtime
My mom keeps making my bedtime too early why must I be excluded from the night hours

Hahahahaha
"Let's maybe not" hahahahhahaha I'll eat your family in front of you you nothing despicable person

Faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot

Anger propels me….
I think every man has evil bones. I’m so sick of it! Why don’t we all just be kind. Or at least decent. There is so much hatred in my heart for EVERY MAN!!!! Yes I hate you

dying in a plane crash


i wish i was a teen again
It’s not that I fear aging, or the inevitability of death. it’s the feeling of desire flushing out of me like a colonic. It’s the amplified state of the mundane, trend cycle this, fascism that, the 00010 tone of that netflix show, this guy drake the colonizer, the blue light in my phone breeding worms in my brain, that robot in the computer who isn’t smarter child, this boy from tinder who exclusively eats ass, the dvd logo playing pong on the screen, that girl, this thing, the song i don’t know stuck on loop in my head. 

do you know what i mean?  does this seem deep? i’m trying to be cathartic! are you there god? can you hear me?

people need to name names
this aint 4chan yall unless you want to make it this abyssmal "Let's get retarded in here" was the original lyric of that Black Eyed Peas song "Let's get it started in here"

yaa
🆅🅰🅼🅿🅸🆁🅴 🆆🅴🅴🅺🅴🅽🅳 i love

advice column
dear spite, why don't he wanna cum in my boy pussy? i'm wet and tite. is it cuz i want him 2? sincerely, never enough

sick of art
can we all stop pretending we give a fuck about art. every city has these incestuous ghettos of mfa bourgeoise all clambering for social capital that doesn’t even exist anymore. its like a mass psychosis of aspirant narcissists. sure you can get in a gallery, get a grant, blah, blah, play that show in that ketamine transwhatever losers house - absolutely no one cares about the shit you make. the people pretending to care are just other artists waiting to benefit by association. the ‘successful artist’ is a pretentious socialite. name a single artist who speaks to our zeitgeist. name a single scene that isn’t either a delusional clout shark friend group or a backward gazing fabrication by millennial culture writers. there’s no real winners to even feed these delusions. these media platforms have bombarded us with so much novel stimuli everyday that literally nothing you could ever make can feel ‘important.’ its all content and memes stimulate more discourse than your little painting, video, song, installation, sculpture ever could. give up - or at the very least make it offensive and entertaining. if you’ll never benefit financially you should at least be transgressive

hey man
hey man i care about art, like i get what u mean but i like to see paintings and movies and read stuff, its fun for me

Too horny after getting sober off opioids
I can’t deal with it. I don’t watch porn because I refuse to. But I just can’t contain myself. I don’t touch myself or go to Diddy parties. I am a volcano that god had circumcised. I think about my ex from 3 years ago still. And don’t get me wrong, I only have one pair of black boots I wear everyday. I talk to a girl I met on instagram but never met in real life yet, everyday. I do scams and I bought the new Peter Vack book with the two grand I made off my last one. It’s good. There is no one like me and it’s over. I had a fling with a trans woman in march and it left me questioning myself so much that I relapsed on opioids. I’m just being honest. Sometimes, I search ‘asmr’ on tiktok, and there’s always a video at the top by this girl, ‘laceyjane’ where she eats a stick of white cheese covered in blueberries extremely provocatively. It’s not sexy. It makes me so angry. Go look it up. I hope I ruined your day. I can’t stop thinking about that thumbnail and how mad it makes me. I’m sorry for this

continued
i also do think it can feel important because thats a choice, we all act like we have no choice in what stimulates us and that the reason we feel nothing and care about nothing is theres nothing to care about, thats just not how it is, i get that some art is bad and gay and shit but in a lot of ways we get to decide

Re: Hahahaha
Your parents don’t love you

Rejection
Everyone should be forced to post about their rejection letters. A hardpost. I heard someone saying recently that you should not listen to criticism, OR praise. Real. I want to be an entire island and the island is my gallery and no critics are allowed, they all want in but there is a glitter force field and I need nothing from them, I am a Barbie island princess that one day washed ashore next to a beautiful chest full of cryptic, barnacled items that I can’t quite place from my previous life.  And I am also that glowing paintbrush from the rapunzel one. Being the paintbrush and holding it in your hand would be a beautiful feeling. And then I paint the sunset and make a difference in the world for the children

Would rather
That guy keep saying faggot than him posting selfies tbh

Sucks to suck
I’m texting the faggot who left their number on this site. My friend and I are laughing, I think he’s afraid of me. He won’t tell me his sign and has disengaged from talking to me. His writing is mediocre but I’m bored enough to entertain it. I’m watching love island in the background and have no idea what’s going on w the show. I love Los Angeles. To everyone on this site I love you and cherish this space. To everyone not on this site, sucks to suck.

Sucks to suck pt.2
Ya I spelled your wrong fuck u

Ghosted by an incel
We love to see it

earlier this year my friends and I went to a tiki bar in north hollywood
Best night I’ve had in a while my life took a sharp decline immediately afterwards

Having some vanilla ice cream


How to know if you’re a sick man or not
I remember how my ‘girlfriend’ looked at me when I suggested we try CNC in late April. Oh sorry. So we never did it. She also made fun of my foot fetish. Asking me what had to go wrong in my life to make attracted to soft, pink, delicate feet in designer heels. I don’t know. Fuck off whore. but then she had to narcan me 3 times in May when I overdosed so she found out pretty quickly. And she won’t stop dming me asking me to come back to the city. She models too a lot for big designers (a lot for a 20 year old girl at least) and I used to be like ‘wowwww a fashion model? That’s dope!’ But now. Anyways I’ve been raping my own life for the last few years suffering addiction so many times back and forth back and forth and I think that’s why I like it so much.anyways now I want someone to rape me with their love and their heart

Pathetic hobbies
✨✨✨✨

670$ UP TODAY
Hit nice on three parlays

Bad Forum
I would keep saying stuff on here but you guys seem like actual losers edging close or already past 30 years in age. And there is just this sadness and staleness to all of the de facto twitter like nothing slocked up shit post nothingness. Not even cool older people, just like west coast faggotry it seems mostly

🕳️🏃🏻‍♀️
I had one of the worst summers of my life. I’ve been filled with grief and heartbreak and can’t trust anyone because it seems people are filled with horrid intentions. Everyone is so concerned with themselves and what they can get out of me. I’m tired. When will someone want to know me the way I want to know them, to love them. I’m sick of my own bullshit. I’m trapped inside of my me. It’s all consuming. I’ve been sober for years but the pain doesn’t go away. When will it go away?

Can we keep this space for writers?
Please don’t post your sports bets????

Fall out boy
“Life is the flight of the alone to the alone.” ― Plotinus

A young mercurial man stands alone in a windowless room. No more than 5x4ft, the walls are of an off-teal, all of the furniture and decor looks of the mid-‘50s and there is a single light bulb hanging from the center of the ceiling. There are two large speakers placed on the cement floor symmetrically along the sides of a thin metal desk. There is an old turntable on the desk. He pulls from a crate full of vinyl records a copy of Maxine Nightingale, “Right Back Where We Started From”. Pulling the record out of the sleeve, he lays the disc on the slipmat and sets down the needle. He sits in a metal stool and begins typing on a Remington typewriter that is bolted to the desk:

*My name is Nathan Cooper I was born in Boston in 1820, I am by all intents and purposes, a vampire. I was a man until I was 20 years old. I turned, during my time in Königsberg in 1840. At one time I was the son of a fairly wealthy mercantile businessman, his father before him was a trade merchant. I didn’t care for these things much. I had grown up around wealth and spent most of my childhood quietly idling by. I went to Harvard University to study Natural Philosophy, and it was during my junior year which I spent abroad, that I became what I am.*

“No, that's not right.” he bursted as he pulled the paper out of the typewriter. Starting to burn it with a lit match and let it smolder in the tin trash bin beside the desk.

“There’s got to be a way to go at this. Werewolf? Maybe something with aliens?” he muttered under his breath as he combed through his silver hair. The digital clock/calendar above the desk reads 11/11/2122 19:30, looking at it he remembered how he turned 27 this year. He is average height, stout and able bodied. He is wearing an oversized powder blue t-shirt with Nike® G-Shock Subterranean track pants and over a century old pair of adidas Kobe 2s. His skin was
pale olive and his eyes bold sapphire blue complementing his hair.

 “M4y83 1 C4N l3ND 4 h4Nd?” chirped the intercom on the wall, its purple node lighting along with the voice.

“I’ve got this, don’t sweat it will ya.” he chided gesturing flailing shoos at the intercom.

He began to arm himself for another few lines and stood up poised to write the perfect story to send WEIRD HELL(TM), his favorite magazine in the Metaverse. Although he had it up to here with the series 800.

“Such a lousy model should be offlined or erased!” he barked

“I don’t mean that. I’m sorry.” he admitted.

“1 W45 N07 0FF3nD3d!” broke through statically as he went back at it:

*Deep in the woods, between cloaks and hoods there was a great bonfire. Tracy was standing at the north point of the salt pentagram that surrounded the singular flame. She was trying to focus on her banishing ritual but she was hung up and upset at Judy. Yesterday after school she saw Skip drop her off at her house while she was walking home. Now this was preposterous, Tracy and Skip had been going steady for almost two weeks. Especially after the love tincture that Judy helped her concoct from mugwort, saffron, and myrrh. But now she is convinced that it was actually all just to get Skip to fall for her!*

“1 4C7U4lLy 7h0ugh7 7H47 w45 N07 84d.” the intercom replying earnestly.

“I can’t deal with this, there is literally not anywhere in this entire hole in the world where I can get away from you!” he broke out.

Hopping on top of the desk he pushed a button on the panel of the ceiling, the panel slid open and revealed a ladder. He made his way climbing up the passage between the room, the kitchen and living room. That room was his sanctuary, since he moved into this place about 2 years ago, which was also about a decade after the Silicon Wars. Kid’s lived through hell you would be wise to expect that kind of temperament with his generation. The only downside to the place would have to be “ADI ”, the “Amazon Defense Interface'' ADI series 800 to be exact. It was the security AI that was built in with the place, most of its RAM is fried so it’s like having to deal with a encyclopedia with dementia. He scuttled off the ladder into the kitchen, grabbed a crowbar and kept making his way into the living room.

“That’s it! YEAH, I’m gonna pull out your power cells! So I can write in peace!” Sounding maniacally determined.

1 “Maybe I can lend a hand?”
2 “I was not offended.”
3 “I actually thought that was not bad.”
 
 “I'm afraid I can't do that.” came out of the speaker, an audio clip from the movie 2001: A Space Odyssey. ADI had a horrible sense of humor.

“THIS IS WHAT I NEED TO DO! ENOUGH!’ he blared as he made his way across the living room, which was more of a 70s decor, to a giant metallic vault.

He pressed on the multitouch screen and entered the passcode: 8008

The vault opened in a fog. It was filled with ADI series 800 Duracell® power cells.

“If YoU W4N7 7o 83 4lOn3 5o 84d, WHy dON7 yOU wRI73 48oU7 YouR53lf!” ADI screamed in glitchy distorted cybernetic death as he ripped out all eight power cells rapidly with the crowbar.

“FINALLY, peace.” he said in remiss, he was gutted.
The lights had all shut off and turned on three times to mark a system reset, but now sans a security AI. ADI was his only companion these last two years. The Microplastic Miasma Zone over Nevada isn’t moving anytime soon, and he was surely in the garish 2050’s bomb shelter another year for sure or atleast until the air above isn’t as noxious. Defeated, he climbed back into the Writing Room, took his seat and expected nothing. He stared at the intercom’s purple light which was now off, he stared into the purple plastic.

“Wait, I’ve got it!” he blurted in disbelief.
He attacked the typewriter and decided to take ADI’s advice after all:

*fallout boy
"Life is the flight of the alone to the alone."
- Plotinus
A young mercurial man stands alone in a windowless room. The walls are of an off-teal, all of the furniture and decor looks of the mid-'50s and there is a single light bulb hanging from the center of the ceiling. There are two large speakers placed on the cement floor symmetrically along the sides of a thin metal desk...*

Hollywood is haunted
Everyday I see human shit on the concrete when I walk my dog. The encampments come and go and sometimes there is a small makeshift bonfire. I love to see fire contained it feels so relatable for some reason. I’m filled with rage and the chaos is all packaged inside a meat sack that looks so unassuming. No one would ever know and all my new friends tell me I am so “calm” and “chill”. I will allow this. Things change. My hair is longer now but not long enough. Everyone around me is either extremely broke or extremely wealthy. All the money I’ve made this month has slipped through my hands. When does it get easier. My family has nothing and I can’t help them and the truth is, it might be crazy that I even want to help them after everything they’ve done. There might be something wrong with me but does it even really matter? No. My dad almost went away for attempted murder when I was 12 and I only found out recently. I’m not surprised.

If you wanna keep this soace for writers
Write something interesting then

Your excessive use of question marks is beyond pathetic & child like

If YoU W4N7 7o 83 4lOn3 5o 84d, WHy dON7 yOU wRI73 48oU7 YouR53lf!


R u mad❓❔
??????????????❔❓???❔❓❓❓❓❓❓❓❓❓❓❓❓❓❔❔❔❔❔❔??

census 2099
Census, 2099

Mid-morning in New Amazon. Maru, Granger, and Little Boric at the breakfast table, charging up on cricket soup and algae vaporizers. Granger enraptured by the glasspaper, Boric using his spoon to whackamole the embalmed insects bobbing around in his soylent, and Maru gazing out of the window screen, which is set to Nebraska Prarie. A self-generating mid-morning jazz composition playing over the surround system. In three weeks Cupertino time this family will be declared defunct by the state and the residence will be wiped. But this morning everything is as it should be. Maru is a model like all women and Granger is a programmer like all men, and Boric is a just a child, a grub, and they are all humans so what they do barely matters. Email for you, your majesty mutters Granger, vaping his algae, from corporate. Maru snatches the glasspaper off his eyes a little too quickly. Let me see, might be the vet bill for Gargoyle, she covers. It’s a notice, the third this quarter, a citation for Pickmeism. They traced her credit card back to a rock tumbler purchase off the deep web. A woman with a husband and a new hobby; very suspicious. What use does an emotionally stabilized wife have for a rock tumbler? Perhaps she’s not happy with her Astrophysicist programmer and she wants an Earth Scientist programmer. An automatic scan of her purchase history has saved her from a red alert- she’s proven very interest-aligned with Granger all these years. Astrology coffee table books and constellation mugs. A star, named after Granger, in the Cigar Galaxy, and one for little Boric in the Small Magellanic Cloud. But what use does she have for a rock tumbler? Even one Pickmeism citation would be enough. But she’s also got a metal detector and a soil sampler purchased under anonymous and otherwise untouched lines of credit. Soon, the algorithm will start surveying her more heavily. I paid this last month, I have to complain, she says, shaking her head as she waves her finger through the air, swiping the email into oblivion. Granger doesn’t give it a second thought. He rarely thinks about Maru. He thinks about her fondly and briefly, as one would a beautiful painting that hangs in the foyer. Nowadays Granger mostly thinks about God, who has been successfully manufactured, as a machine, in the image of man, and he thinks about how this cycle will repeat over and over, man making God and God making man, and he can’t get over how cute it all is. He also thinks about Ahi tuna, oh how he misses Ahi tuna. Maru thinks about rocks, and things slamming into one another with great force. Little Boric, at least up until today, thinks about nothing at all. He bangs his lumpy head on the table, exhausted by his no-technology hour. Stop that, says Maru. Granger, tell him to stop. 
Come on, Little Boris, sighs Granger, it’s time to take the elevator up to school. 
Maru blinks off the Nebraska Prarie and her head spins clockwise on her neck to face Granger.
Did you just call him Boris? His name is Boric. Granger nods, nudging his mind gently out of its mid-morning manifestations. Oh yes, right. Come on little Boric. It’s time to go Up. 
They live underground on the negative 26th floor. A pretty ritzy depth. The deeper down you are, the less radioactivity. Little Boric was born without so much as a sixth toe and he might live til 55 or 60, far past his optimum brain age. They sent him to a mid-level school so he can interact with children of various depths. 

Little Boric at school in New History class with his teacher Madam Quarter. Madam Quarter has long blonde hair and a nose like an isosceles triangle. She is a model, but she is also a teacher. Mechanical brains tempered with human flesh. It’s good for the children. Boric is scared of her unnaturally pointy elbows. Today’s lesson is about the Euphoria Uprising and the formation of the fringe nonbinary society. Madam Quarter explains how nonbinaries raise their toxic unbreedable lizard babies under natural sunlight in a communal society with no models and no scientists. They are all permaculturists. They live with plants. They don’t care to further their species. Madam Quarter shows a video, a humanoid creature in skimpy clothing with a mulleted haircut nursing a newborn who will be raised without gender in the electric remnants of a place that used to be called Norway. Boric, moved for the first time in his brief skimpy life by the video, imagines the sun scorching black spots onto his back, the sound of microplastic rain pouring down on his laminated algae fiber hut, a life where he does not have to be part of the New Amazonian Human Preservation Project, where he can instead be just a bare, exposed, electrified soul, crumpled and punched at all angles by a poisonous atmosphere. A selfish thought, as he will learn. Boric, I asked you a question, snips Madam Quarter with her fish mouth. Are you listening? I asked, what kind of model is your mother. We’re all sharing. A…a hand model, he whispers, ashamed. 
And what kind of programmer is your father? 
An astrophysicist. 
The whole class goes ooooooh. At the sound of their collective utterance, Boric hears sparkling toxic metal winds tearing through his ears. He catches a glimpse of himself in his aluminum desk and has to squeeze his meaty eyes shut. Even as a young man, Boric doesn’t like the way he looks. The dog, Gargoyle, refuses to sleep on his bed. 
Maru fresh out of a Pastural Breeze shower. She wraps herself in her Egyptian vitamex towel and switches the airator to Woodland Tree. The scent is stored in a pressurized chamber in Earth’s outer core and upon a flick of Maru’s pointer finger it flees willingly up through the lower mantle, zooms to the higher mantle, a forestful of Woodland Tree sprouting up into the den where Maru crouches over a little box marked sex toys. Inside is a silver rock tumbler, carefully re-bubble-wrapped. All it needs is something to tumble. A gem, from the crust. This will be her final and most dangerous purpose. For that she needs someone by the username of Timothy Fraund, a surface deserter, a former geologist who abandoned the Project. Her phone buzzes. Every time her phone buzzes lately a sword goes through her stomach. Hey beauty! Need those pics. She shoots off some pictures to her AI agent, hand-modeling expensive rings. She has a face for radio but fingers fit for jewels. Diamonds, opal, emeralds and rubies come for her in the mail, gracing her delicate phalanges in remotely orchestrated photographs. She stares at the gems longingly as she packs them to be shipped back to the jeweler. If only I could make these myself. But of course the Networks will do it for you, do it better than you, better than you ever could. It’s no use trying to compete. Preserve your beauty. Groom yourself. Model. Model your endangered species. Live unperturbed, like the animal you are. Your species worked hard for centuries so you could be peaceful. Eat and drink and fuck and dream, in a mildly educated way. But Maru wants command over people and objects. She is greedy. She wants to be like those humans, before machines, before Wikipedia, who were immortalized with metal statues. She hits Boric in secret, wearing the rings they send her to hand model. She slips mercury tablets into Granger’s nutrient tea and watches his calculating mind, once such a threatening thing, smooth away into niceties and ambient fear. She cradles the rock tumbler in her stunning forearms, a shinier and more beautiful baby than Boric, whom she has no motherly instinct for, since he was grown in a lab. Soon she will be found, and she will be shot, which is really what she wants, to be hit with force, and Granger will be given a new model, and screwy little Boric will become an artist, useless, rudimentary, nonbinary, and they will exile him. Greedy greedy Maru. She doesn’t understand her own obsession with control, power. You were named after a coffee shop, her mother once told her. A coffee shop on the cutting edge of society, where your father and I met up after we were matched by an advanced algorithm. 

Granger at work on his computer, blissfully unaware of the thoughts of his pick-me wife and his pick-me child. No idea that in mere weeks they both will leave, their airy heads floating up to bob around on Earth’s dirty surface, where they will become consumed with themselves, their identities, those terrible Atheists. Granger at work on his computer, hand in hand with God. His destiny is simple, there is a star named after him in a Cigar Galaxy, and 40 or so years from now a digital copy of his mind will be shot into orbit around it. Until then he will burrow as deep as he can. He can’t think of anything else to do. On his desk he keeps a small electronic banner that circulates over and over again a single quote: Perhaps everything terrible is in its deepest being something helpless that wants help from us- Rilke. Granger watches this message scroll past, between computations, and pretends that the machines are good, the people who made them are good, his family is good, he is good, God is good, et cetera. Deep inside his guts, the nutrient tea that he drinks every morning burbles down into a growing deposit of mercury, of insanity, and by the time his brain gets launched into space it will barely work at all.

“I like to smell my dick”
“Oh to pull my hand up and smell the tips of my fingers.” 

🥇🥇🥇🏆🏆🏆🏆

The best work I’ve ever had the honor and privilege to read with my “pathetic and childlike” eyes. You are gods gift to earth and truly a savant waiting to be discovered by other great minds like yourself.

if you wanna you wanna keep talking about your pubes…
most women know when a man hasn’t had his dick sucked in 2-5 years. it’s a code. we tell each other everything. you aren’t the police of the internet. tell us again how you don’t watch porn. it’s literally soOooOooOoooOo interesting. babe you seem a bit troubled, like maybe you need a friend. let a girl live! question marks are warranted when you’re screaming into the void, i guess mommy didn’t tell you this isn’t real life.

it's kind of a funny story
I met you at the Madonna Inn. You had shining eyes and wore a beautiful dress. Now we are divorced. I skipped a lot. For example. Once, maybe twice, we went to the beach. I lost my sunglasses. The thing is, the bottom line here is, behind those shining eyes, you are an atheist. 
I am not an Atheist. I am Agnostic. Big difference. Vast difference.


I hope my dog doesn’t think I’m an idiot. You see pets only have a three-month memory and, well I think I do too. I can’t think about before that. Or maybe my memory does go back, far, to the time I was a young child playing catch with my father in the park on Christmas Eve while we waited for Santa’s elves to decorate the mantle. 
Maybe I have several memories of purchasing stuffed animals whom I came to adore. What store they each came from, and who I was with, and how I picked out their names. Wilbur. Clancey. Marguerite. And if that’s true then I also remember playing a game called Cooking Mama on my blue-haired babysitter’s Nintendo DS. Or going through my mom’s purse and finding a tampon and saying, what’s this. It’s possible I have a decently full memory of my eighth birthday, getting tea in a garden with some other tiny, silly people and my babysitter and my mom. Pulling a chapter book out of the flowers.  
The problem is I don’t think about that stuff or what it means anymore. And I don’t remember why, in that early time, I was so happy. 
Sorry, back to the story. 
I met you at the Madonna Inn, you had shining brown eyes and wore a beautiful red dress, you looked like the emoji. You said you were an actress. I was there with a couple of friends, I didn’t care about you at all and was perfectly fine with the idea of never seeing you again, or the idea did not even occur to me as it does now. The second or third time I met you it was different. 


One time, I payed a visit to my Aunt Clara who lives in Ireland. I had never been to Ireland before. I didn’t know they have suburbs. I swear to God, I’ve been to a strip mall in Ireland. They had this store, it was exactly like 7/11. It was called O’Grools. It was like, hey, I’m going to buy a lighter at O’Grools. Because I was smoking cigarettes with these guys there, these guys that do yard work for my Aunt Clara. She has a lawn. A manicured grass lawn. In Ireland. 
After my visit to Ireland I thought, well everywhere is more or less the same, I guess. But when I am in a better mood it is easier to be more thoughtful and say, well every place has its own unique myth. For example, in Ireland, a young man once licked a magical piece of salmon that gave him all the knowledge in the world, and then he became King Of The Hunters. 


So maybe you weren’t wearing a red dress. Like, not literally. And maybe I do still think about what my early memories mean, and that is part of the reason I am Agnostic, not Atheist. 


We were on the Santa Monica pier. I had to buy new sunglasses. I swear I handed my old ones to you when we were leaving my apartment, and you swear you put them in your tote bag. You poured everything in your tote bag onto the passenger seat of my car. There was half a joint you had forgotten about it. We smoked it. My eyes were very red and I thought I was going to go blind because I couldn’t stop looking at the sun. We should pray for my sunglasses to appear, I said, and you said no, let’s go buy new ones. Because you are a heartless rotten capitalist. Back then I liked your harshness. You said the fortune teller was a waste of money and I agreed. 
Instead we paid 7 dollars to make out in the photo booth. I love you, you said. You wanted it caught on camera. Disgusting. And still, I wasted eight more years on you. Eight godless years. The whole time you were texting. In all my memories, you are texting.
On the way out of the parking lot, my car crunched on something. We didn’t look. Schrodinger’s sunglasses you said. But sometimes you just know, and I knew. 


We didn’t meet at the Madonna Inn. I’ve never been there but it seems like somewhere you would go. It’s all sort of true. You wouldn’t understand.

unfortunate discoveries
Sean, if you ever see this, I know about your porn addiction from all the onlyfans girls you follow on instagram. Like, hundreds of them. It’s crazy how easily I was able to just accidentally stumble upon this, no digging necessary. I don’t even know you that well. HEY GUYS, just so you know, digital footprints EXIST!!! Fucking make a burner account to follow ur onlyfans girls babe. What the fuck haha. I don’t want to know this thing about you

wish i could read spite like this


spite.fr


Blocked by an incel
Who is triggered by question marks. I bet he’s chugging on his vape now smelling his hands after scratching his ball. How does it feel to be a loser?❔❓¿? Did you really believe you wouldn’t get trolled back❓❔❓I have more questions and more question marks. Does that upset you small man? Do you have any windows in your basement? Are you enjoying yourself or are you feeling slightly soooweeesidal ?

Incel man
Are you a z10ni2t ? How’s that working out for you ?????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????? ??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????

gay guy
this guy sucked my dick in a bathroom a couple weeks ago. be careful he uses teeth.

Somewhere
deep inside me I found the child that I used to be. And I know that it’s not too late

ex
i have too much pride to admit to my ex that I miss her. but I also don’t miss the relationship itself - the second half of the relationship i was deeply unhappy and always fantasizing abt cheating altho I didnt. when i was really suicidal i asked her to take a break and later that week she called me and said we should try being open. I feel terrible about this bc she didn’t really want that, she was just deeply attached to me and thought that that was what i wanted. I should kill myself i am horrible. committed relationships feel like prison cell and I can’t be in them without looking out the window (other women), but she was a dear friend and I didn’t like cutting off communication that abruptly. why do we all have to have these strictures around how we form relationships? why can’t it be a fluid thing?

You looked very beautiful tonight
You looked very beautiful tonight

lolololololol
nuke the site this is not good for us

Those Long Writings Are Ass
I cant read these long writings on here dulling me out with situations that bore beyond belief 

Haha I've found the perfect place to swirl hate & force contention with people who if I saw on the street would bash dead in the head with a block 

Foul long nothings writing in styles and ways that express something that like doesnt exist isnt buyable relatable interesting or worth continuing reading endless mentioning of names fucking stupid shit i cant read it stop those long dumb writings whoever that is ha

Smooth brained
My ex is a smooth-brained boy. We still talk and say I love you but it's over now. I don't read him my writing. We got sober together. A red flag painted pink but I'm still grateful for it. I'm addicted to scrolling. Everyone in this city thinks they are so special but it's just the ayahuasca/cacao/hape talking. Plant medicine is not a personality trait. I have a dog and she keeps all my secrets. You can tell her anything and she will always keep it to herself. How many eggs can you eat in one day and still enjoy it and how many times can you tell yourself you'll stop before you actually mean it? I got lucky or maybe god did it for me. Now I'm here in a new place with new people and it feels so good and so bad all at once. I've never met a man that was interesting. Most of them are so flavorless and uninspired. Most of them don't wash their ass in the shower and have receding hairlines.

money
i need money to buy zyn again

money
i need money to buy zyn again

re: miss my ex/ dream abt my ex
IM NOT YOUR EX WE NEVR FUCKING DATED

Might Drug
And Die

Help wanted.
How do I write like a girl? Seeking replies

Hey guys
Hey guys what’s up

A lot of seething on here
What do you expect? OMG anon I loved your post you are so talented. WEre all whistling in the wind. But its easier going with a song on

Don't make fun of me for not washing my ass in the shower
I don't wash my ass in the shower and I have a receding hairline. I'm dull most of the time and I think I'm about as special as anyone else. I love waking up in the morning. It would be easy to be angry. I try not to be. I sip my redbull with a smile on my face. I hit my vape with a smile on my face. I appreciate the funny woman on the bus and the charming man in the 7/11. I wonder if he washes his ass,  I wonder if we could bond over not washing our ass.  I'm imaging us on lawn chairs around a fire, sharing the story of when we first noticed our receding hairlines. I hit my vape with a smile on my face. I don't wash my ass in the shower.

Re:help wanted
Why do you want to do this

This is for
This is for people chronically on instagram

iPhone
Wveryone shut up now because you’re annoying but I love you also

Re: Re Help Wanted
I’d like to know so that I could try to do it and see how it feels

Everyone wants motion until it ruins their life


Re help wanted…
Women have beautiful minds and that’s how they write like that

iPhoen
Everyone don’t shut up I love you I also love question marks and questions. I love spam and love to spam. I was an internet troll as a kid my inner child is so happy rn 🫶🏼

i struggle with common social interaction
i think im stupid and my brain is retarded and im autistic and i have no friends and no one likes me and im going to kill myself

📚
+FfSdFPH8kMCcHB1S0DELIcx6V+7rz472usN1GfP5iFyAGL4P0zMwyFIMvEhHIWxmQOwI/4klu2PZoTWfEddiI3PdFKmC8hGS2fw3IvBC5+JfYpT2L4NEPjATUxWLWAx

Top 10 reasons you should wash your ass
1. A few years ago one of my exs didn’t wash his ass in the shower, he would just let the water trinkle down the crevasse of his crack. When I would top him I would notice his dingle berries and it always smelt so bad. He is a straight guy and I am a bi girl. It doesn’t matter I just wanted you to know.
2. Reread number 1
3. Was that not enough for you?
4.
5.
6.
7.
8.
9.
10.

Kafka
Would lowk love this

what if
What if you were flirting with Yun-Tian Li from Physics C class but suddenly she said 这是武 Wuhan Virus Download 汉病毒，它将感染您的计算机，无法 Free Virus Working 正常工作2019

How to write like a woman
Think about a woman you love and imagine being her

Top 10 ways to write like a woman
1. Be a woman

everytime you post it feels like a kiss
For a moment I feel the thrust and churn of your words and the voices who speak through you settling and rolling inside of me.

ok you're pretty good at writing posts
but can you write a book? can you write an article? can you create a work that stands the test of time? can you write something to be remembered? even just briefly?

Are the characters following anonymous a cypher of any kind
Try to figure out if they’re random or revealing.

The answer is yes
Books, articles, films… yes. Stands the test of time? Nothing stands the test of time my friend.

They're building a big tower made of lead and I'm gonna lick it until I pass out
A lot of the time I am thinking about the leisure class and it makes me really angry thinking about all of the time I have sold because of the life I was born into. I feel like I have been fighting since the first day I could speak. I feel like I am a hypocrite for wanting this aforementioned life of leisure for myself. I dream about buying my parents a new house and demolishing the one I live in with them now. I don't think the current life I live is viable or sustainable, especially not in the event of a crisis. I have considered going to a shrink but I am procrastinating it because it seems like the only people who do that and talk about it are some of the most annoying people to ever touch down on the Earth. The last time I took writing seriously I was a preteen and I was trying to impress a girl that I am still peripherally in love with. I am arguably an adult now and I have been doing something else for a long time because it feels more right. I talk a lot of shit about people who have nothing to say but sometimes I have nothing to say either. Even though I have deep disagreements with the people I dislike and shit-talk, in a way I kind of understand why they choose to say nothing. There is a seemingly endless sea of empty sludge and overflowing pocketbooks, and even to acknowledge this is passé or Trite or cringe or whatever. The people who are riding out the credit of their parents' military intelligence money are either aware and complicit in their evil and cannot be stopped or are too stupid to admit their own shortcomings. I find myself thinking about the potential of critique of an enemy of mine who does not know I exist. He is milquetoast and only marginally adored more than I. His father is his muse and his father is a bad person with deep connections to the industry he wants to succeed in. Any criticism of him I divulge to my tiny audience will only be perceived as clout-chasing and I will be cast as a playa hata. When you are smart enough and ingrained in a subculture deep enough to see how bad things really are, I can't really blame one for going completely nihilist. Maybe I am giving you too much credit and you are a legitimate re-tard provocateur with no goals besides that. I don't know you well enough to say, but I hope there is a person under there that I can see has a gleam of empathy. I need to point my gun at people who need shooting instead of the people who have obviously already been shot.

Characters following anon
Are random characters. If you post multiple times you’ll see all your posts will feature different characters.

Ok Ok Ok Ok
I read this entire thing and I wish it was a real tangible thing I could touch and throw around and rip up and put on lamp posts

user recommendation
pull this shit up on the computer and scroll it pensively while resting your chin on your hand, definitely has me feeling like im engaging more deeply about the work

how to write like a women
fear men

sometimes
sometimes he post u on the ig with a song you like in a positive way, sometime he post u with a lame song and a condescending caption, this is the art life and we are all so lucky

R


Re: desperation is winning


Hi
hi

Walking around
Walking around, for fun by yourself, and you see that this guy who hurt your feelings, he tagged the wall ur walking past. That shit is fucked up! Don’t interrupt my walk

PUSHKIN
“the cruel are weaker than the tender”
“I dreamed I saw
A hideous demon, black all over, with white eyes . . .
He called me to his wagon. Lying in it Were the dead—and they were muttering In some hideous, unknown language. Tell me: was it after all a dream?
Did the wagon pass?
Well, Louisa, Cheer up—although the street’s all ours, An untrafficked hiding-place from death
Where our revels are disturbed by no one, Still, you must know: that black wagon Has the right to go to any place.
We have to let it through!”

Purging on spite
Finally a Great place to just get something off your chest. here it goes✌️      FUCK YOU STUPID ASSHOLE I NRVER TRUSTED YOUR TURKEY FUCKTARD ASS YOU UGLY MOTHERFUCKER 
👼

If I Knew Mr Rogers
I would probably fuck his shit up for being so gay and happy. Like give me a fucking  break.

Always gonna be another mountain
At the end of my crash out there was a crypto wallet Gambled so much with every other aspect of my life that my finances had to follow. became addicted to watching those candles wick and burn fueled on my ephemeral pennies. managed to triple my money on a neo fiji mermaid that caught my eye through the the dexscreener telescope while sailing the solana sea. She was good to me. but ive seen distorted cyberdogs kill my finest men and been chased through the jungle by viscous 2d chinese monkeys - the cryptodyssey spins so fast the coins have 2 heads and 2 tails. a mythic sort of war occuring at microspeed. The trenches. Thats what they call the dips. No place for a little girl unless you’re quick and hungry

my life with you in it


livinglyfe
5 beers and im off to the races races

Keep the karma rolling slow today
Haha I made money gambling & had fun angering some ugly girl. Like really ugly, 2/10 type ugly the physical kind of ugly that like no matter what her words conveyed I was done the second i saw her disgusting face

I honestly prefer that though over the semihot girl with some inability to grow up, like the inability to hang up the hat posting stupid wasteful shit that seems inspired & influenced 100% by the culture they intake. Like they have a podcast studio in their head & their brain is so fried from listening to other people spew shit for so long that they have convinced themselves that their being is authentic & their posts fresh. In reality they seem like scared to fuck or risk close to anything. If I was a girl and I was prude or private and couldnt stand my ground or be honest with myself I wouldnt be able to live

All of these sappy ugly people talking about ex's and contrived shit that it doesnt even seem like their own pea brains comprehend or care about. Grasping at straws of existence hoping that literally any aspect of their life is relatable and not just old & boring and forgetable, hardly lived by even you. Most of you guys are gross and incapable of making anyone relate to your stupid qualms

What it’s like to be famous in dimes square scene
Every day I wake up with my diaper full
And I have my butler change my diaper
And then I go to lunch with whores
Diaper full again have to change
Do some drugs
Write some coal 
Diaper full and I need to be burped
Write more coal
Call accountant
Party with crypto people that I hate
Cry myself to sleep and tell my butler to kill me
He sheds a tear and I backhand him for showing emotion 
Repeat

Models
Most models dont even look like they can do the job. It's so funny really to sit and think about how dumb & nothing their careers are. Most models look like they'd crumble in front of you  if they had to go grocery shopping or help paint a wall. I wonder how easy you could get one to snap or how long it takes to make one of them cry & call their loved ones for support. I want to spit on a model and beat the shit out of her useless

What it’s like to be famous in LA
Fake and Gay

West Coast
I would rather vomit directly into a West Coast girl's vagina than ever put out for her

Disgusting cretins of the Earth in hundreds of years from now your geography and behavior will be tracked. The people from those three shithole states will be caged and studied. It's sad because geographically all these places are beautiful sure, but there's this insane blasphemy to all of it. It's a shame

that bitch is CMA
i washed my sheets twice  because i was screaming on the street with no shoes on and then i went to bed which is nasty. i was painting my nails in the cvs parking lot at 1am and the color was "glow in the dark" but it just made me look like i have jaundice. i was at a party and a stranger revealed a huge secret to me about things that have been going on behind my back for a very long. i will never trust a girl that's never been anorexic. LOL.

Nymphet Alumni
I wanna fuck the girl with big boobs from that podcast. I would listen to those girls talk stupid until im deaf if it meant i could give that girl backshots on a private beach or something. Idk it fills me with giddy joy the thought of fucking @markfisherquotes on instagram. She is so hot

I can’t stop dating dads and my best friend hates me
Let my curl up under the gauze of paternal practice bitch! I love you but your hot breath of judgment tickles my ear in a way that makes me want to hold you under water. If you can see a problem with my need for the comfort of a man in his 40s with baby toys in his bathroom - so can I!!

Deodorizers
There are way too many deodorants, other personal hygiene products on the market today that are filled with all sorts of toxic bullshit (like everything else of course because they’re all made in the same Chinese plants) and  I don’t use deodorant, I only use rose quartz,  florida water, ash , among other natural substances to cleanse my body, leave me smelling good, and keep my humors pure. I don’t smell because I refuse to put toxins like ALUMINUM in my body that might lead to an imbalance in my chakras or something. My spirit. We’re all suffering in otherworldly ways that I’m telling you, I understand. Nobody trusts me on this. We know there’s fluoride in our water already, they haven’t taken the aluminum out of the deodorants, would you really be surprised if there were trace amounts of mercury in your stool

Suppressing my urges
My life is hell every day I wake up and do the same things and I just can’t take it anymore :(I have no one anymore. I keep having these intense and vivid fantasies of screaming at retail workers. Getting in their faces and just yelling at them, calling them fucking stupid and pretending their heads are exploding into goo. Just wish I could go to H&M and put those people in their place and tell them they’re on the bottom rung  but I’m scared lol does that make me pathetic? ?

"one of the UK's most celebrated underground labels."
Dean Blunt is anything but manic according to the annual picks desk of a new york based mass media conglomerate. Not only will the Barbenheimer of 2025 be a single movie by disney called "CHINESE FOREIGNER" (it's a computer animated PG rated kid who discovers they're not the sidekick but the headlining act of the talent show), but the dean blunt album of 2025 will be a critic's success. The lyrics of one heart-wrenching song in particular are as follows: "wotchin all the peepoll naught see... / wot i got foh yew / i carnt see everyboh-di n-e moh / wot did i let you down foh" and the crowd goes wild. the crowd of the young folks. it's a huge success in the scene of people that ask each other the question "oh did you listen to the new dean blunt? it's really GOOD." but they don't ask it to each other it's a straight man talking to his girl who is staying with him because she got evicted from her 4 roommate situation in a 5 floor walkup and she about to leave him because amidst the loose roaches all over the glass coffee table with a chip on it. the guy hands her a CD jewel case of a susumu yokota album from discogws with an eighth of ketamine from that black camry with tinted windows near the water front parks. yeah. i'm pretty sure it's the chemicals that stifle all of it. what you see hear think. it goes on. just document it for all it's worth. everything is a belgian envelope of five cd's away purchased off discogs to you.

Pariah the Doll
Lolcow ass hanger on ass spent her whole life developing a personality that would be some one Dasha would want to be friends with ass red scare simp ass boring ass...... Pure cringe but not in a beautiful way

Pariah The Doll
Hahahaha you are right for that. That girl or whatever that is biologically is completely unloveable and unfuckable. Imagine chilling with that fucky ugly thing hahahahhaha

spite 349
poop

why be into writing
why be into writing isn't that the lamest one be into cars or women or beer or sex why be into writing isn't that the lamest one ur not henry miller he was into life not writing why be into writing isn't that the lamest one be into something with a high barrier to entry learn to play an instrument to paint to run fast to have a beautiful body why be into writing isn't that the lamest one nobody under age 40 ever wrote anything worthwhile don't u know why why why be into writing

BOO


Re: Pariah the Doll
Sub glacial IQ and such a bizarre Ebonics accent that even I kind of get offended by it.

f
f

Confession: I’m a fucking nerd
Okay so, I told myself I wouldn’t play video games anymore because that’s a form of self-infantilization, and seeing as how I have a real job now, a big boy job, a real job for big boys, I shouldn’t be wasting my time. But here I am anyway. I have an addiction and I can’t stop myself. It’s making me sick. It’s like some kind of sick fetish. Living in a digital world, living my life vicariously through some self-insert character on a screen in this simulated environment filled with blood, guts, heroism and big Boobs and butts. Hot women and hypermasculine specimens of men. They’re so handsome. I hate myself. I HATE. MYSELF.  In real life I could never commit myself to deeds such as these. My dad says I need to put some hair on my chest, join the marines and watch at least 5 of my friends die in front of me. He says the only way to become a man is to know what it’s like when the life leaves the eyes of those who matter to you most. He said it’s how he met my mother. I don’t know what happened but he said she died just after I was born

Re: Confession of a nerd
You shouldn’t hate yourself because you’re a nerd you should hate yourself because your post is too long

Henry Miller
Bro mentioning dead names with the autocaps off talking about "why be an author why why why" hahahha goofy fuck

If I was immortal
If I was immortal I would’ve been an oil tycoon and used my money to poison the planet even more so it got destroyed before any of you even took your first breath

Kylie Jenner sucks
Kylie Jenner I’m not even into her boobs because I’m not like into that

Gambling addiction
I think his head is broken, it must hurt to be filled with so much sludge that isn’t even interesting - just boring and talentless. He has a gambling addiction and a small cock, I can tell by the way his face looks and the words he uses when he writes. It must be hard to be a mediocre man with nothing to offer. Sports bets will be his come up, what a great legacy. “That will solve all my issues” he thinks to himself. He posts his selfies on substack, I feel sorry for him. I will say a prayer for him because it seems like he’s sick and suffering (in his mom’s basement or with more roommates than he’d like to admit). It must be hard to be so insufferable but I hope you heal stranger. From one addict to another, I hope you find peace.

re: why be into writing
learning instruments is too hard and liking beer is bad for your health and women with boobs are scary

Re: Re: confession of a nerd
i thought the length was nice i would usually maybe just skim or skip over something of that length on here but that post reeled me in.

Re re re: Confession of a nerd
That’s because you have bad taste

Word
For someone who claims to understand any sort of struggle and/or addiction. You come with so much malice on a forum where you are ashamed or afraid to show face. Ugliness festers from the inside out & you choose to throw darts at the wall instead of make peace or attempt to hit any targets.
Either way it's funny to see how long your hatred can plague you.

Re: word
You’re the one still subbing me babe. Be fr 😂 I saw your post this morning. I’d rate it a 2/10. Anyways this has been fun for me to be honest it’s all just fun and games. Unfortunately I do understand addiction very well which is why I mean what I said, I do hope you heal. All the best to you stranger🫡

Sarcasm
Is sarcasm hard to transmit through writing?

Re: Sarcasm
No it’s not hard at all

How all the long posters look


Fuck You
my taste is perfectly fine

My career as a porn set janitor isn’t working out
i have seen it all. if you consider yourself religious, i’m telling you right now i am far behind enemy lines. beyond the realm of reason. you truly have no idea.. i thought it would be a simple gig, yknow, clean up some cum, maybe some urine on occasion or something.. i got more than bargained for on this one. the things some people are into and the lengths they will go to in order to make their twisted fantasy a reality… and who’s the shmuck that has to clean it all up? me bro.  it’s a thankless job. i’m quitting and i am never going back. i feel so unclean. never going to look at horses the same way again

long posts
the world doesn’t need this. all this does is create more division. etc. etc. i don’t care. can almost guarantee everybody on this site thinks they’re a genius but none of them have the patience to read that shit so stop. if you’re so smart and so good at writing consider this: less is more. you sound like a retard. you know who’s good at writing? Shel Silverstein

re long posts
Good point. I think it’s because they’re not so smart and they’re actually bad at writing

Re: Fuck you
No FUCK YOU!

Re: Long posts
Not the long poster but I am a genius okay

Things that may improve your writing skill
Ashwagandha
Menstrual Blood
Magnesium
Zinc. Liquid Mercury
Moon Water

Re: things that may improve your writing
Childhood trauma

SODA TIER LIST
1. Barq’s Rootbeer
2. Canada Dry Ginger-Ale
3. Sunkist Orange
4. Fanta Orange
5. Coca Cola
6. Mtn Dew
7. Sprite 
8. Sierra Mist
9. Pepsi
10. Dr. Pepper
11. Fanta Pineapple 
12. Diet Pepsi
13. Diet Coke
14. Strawberry Fanta
15. Fanta Grape

Did anybody like the Sci-Fi long posts?


Working at work
Having a real job where I lift heavy things come home drink beer play vidya simple as

Love playing videos
Cherish postwork videos

august 28 (what it's like to be famous in LA east side real)
sore all over. was up late starring in a social media campaign. posting. must call the publisher. must get ready for lunch with my father. he's on the set. hopefully they got the good craft services company for this one. probably not. recession. afterwards debating whether to parallel play at the mansion with the AI entrepreneurs or rendezvous with some gamblers. whispers of a celebratory tiki night. we just sent the paper to the presses.

Re: things that will make your writing better
Nothing because you suck

Re: August 28
You’re only famous for how much you suck

Re: August 28
You’re only famous for how much you suck

Death Note
. SO first before finishing my fun I will go to LA to have some more fun. I will go to MGM and Fox studios and burn them down with cupric thermite bombs, I’ll save all the children in Los angeles and convert as many people as I can to Christianity. And so after Portland too, destroying every mac computer , I will, oh wait I have to go to seattle to Help them ttooo. Well anyway eventually there will be no more work to be done and then so when I’m finally one, I will oh wait. I still have to go to israel to disable, how could I have forgot this part, to disable all of their directed energy weapons and their mass mind control media machines and there “Christian Killer” food plants, and then i will bury Nethanyahu underneath the earths crust so he can never reincarnate cuz ill bury him in a blessed casket with lots of locks on it. OK so finally after all thats done, and after going to confession to receive the blessing of the Lord, I will wait for Jesus to come back. Im not saying Im a good guy for doing this, but kids are dying, and a lot of people cant recieve f=proper exorcism because of their own ignorance, so all i can do is kill them forever. But maybe Jesus will come back after I’m done to kill the devil, which is the best thing ever, to kill the devil would be great to murder him and make him dead, theres nothing I want more than to see Jesus with the fire in his eyes and the Flaming sword kill the devill and stomp his head into bits, and then heaven will be restored on earth forever and ever and ever.

Deluded escorts
She sent me a picture of her watrermelon salad and told me she lost her anal virginity . Fuck this escort shit bro. It’s totaly devalued love shit entirely. i mean it set a pretty cheap price on it all. I know that even when my dick stop workings I know I’ll be able to afford a young peace of ass at market value, maybe by then even the premium on white girls would go down. A white girl can take a year off work and only needs to fuck once a week, not even. I would take that: I would take whatever I can get, I mean I think we can work this out, but you girls have to see where this all ends up right? I mean for a buck fifty I can go to the club and touch the sickest fattest tits you ever saw, this blonde named snow in Chinese blue lace…

Website living up to its name
You’re all fucking sick and spiteful people. Absorbed in yourselves, the outside world and the NORMAL FUCKING PEOPLE in it are completely obscured from your vision. You all SUCK. Hatred and bitterness is the only thing keeping you going. Stop putting each other down, go to school, get a REAL FUCKING JOB, make REAL FRIENDS (not connections, people you can use) and come back down to Earth with the rest of us. It needs you as much as you need it. Stop being a bunch of retarded assholes and get off your phones. This is what your grandparents were afraid of

re website living up to its name
~it needs you as much as you need it~ lol loser I'm going to space

Born to write for Spite
Here we are, all of us together in the quicksand. Egos glaring and internet trolls duking it out over some mysterious low level drama. It’s a pissing contest. Who is the most grotesque and cringe and pathetic and disconnected from reality. I hit refresh to see another seether foaming at the mouth through the keyboard. I love Craigslist I love Reddit I love 4chan and even 8chan. Do you know what I’m saying it’s the armpit of the internet it stinks and we love the way it smells.

Some of y'all 'writers' need to learn to create your own vocabulary
Phrase after phrase of regurgitated nonsense!

WARNING! Viewer Discretion Advised
Yo I’m gonna show you some shit. If you ain’t wanna see some gross aaa bullshit, look away now word? I gotta show you some shit. This TV video is literally a load of shit. If you are sensitive to dumb shit, do NOT watch this dumb ass motherfucking TV program. I mean like fucking seriously bro, this shi on your TELEVISION bro itsnothing but a compilation of heavily edited and processed bullshit. Ain’t reality dawg. Get your money up. Do not watch this.  Your watch this you speaking on foenem irregularly like they ain’t raised you better not to be straight retarded

Yo it’s Demetrius, and you’re watching the Disney channel. That jawnt be crankin on some dope shit. Remember to vote

What it's like to be famous in LA (But Actually Real)
1. Wake up and trafficking victim givingn me sloppy, she says something in vietnamese to my assistant (who i also bang 😎) and I throw her off the bed, fatally wounding her, but is ok because I'm already have ordered a new one from my guy

2. I have my slave mechanic put real wheels on my peleton decide they're ugly and then order him to take them off before killing him too

3. Have sex with disgusting woman

4. Doordash ubereats casting call 4 o clock oh Fuck my agent is here

4. More sex but with guys this time (agent included)

5. Write this ✍️ 💯

Re: deluded escort
Oh wow another shock value post how quaint

Is this a safe space
What went wrong

Rap song my cousin wrote when we were smoking its so good
I am sexually appealing and I am chugging on that semen, I am fucking on your bitch because I know, like, uh, I have suicidal thoughts every day. My brain is not active. You know that makes me scheme, I’m licking on that teev, when I lick myself you know I like it cold (sucking on my hole) putting it in my ass. Please contact a therapist because I need professional help. I have increasingly violent thoughts every day. I can’t fuck on that bitch because I’m scared and I’ve never had sex. I’m with the Homies like I’m Marge, my neck water like barge, yo girl like me cuz I’m large! Bitch! That’s money gang!

How did u find this website
The angels told me and what’s yiur story i wanna know

RE: What It’s Like To Be Famous In LA (Actually Real?)
Nobody cares shut the fuck up

Re: Is this a safe space
No retard

I keep shitting the bed
My pelvic floor is weak and I constantly shit the bed and have plastic sheets but they’re uncomfortable

Re re is this a safe space
Lol

i rape people
310 404 6507

400
400

Re I rape ppl
God is watching you

Re: I rape people
Cool when are you going next I would like to join in the fun

My problem is that i have a huge crush on whoever is behind this project
Listen i just think our music tastes are both very diverse and i think you’re a very smart and interesting person for starting this project. I’m hot and young HMU

You: In a Nutshell
Fickle,
Self-absorbed,
Retarded,
Hypochondriac,
Subconscious fear of gays,
Nostalgia critic,
Ignoring what other people say,
Breaking toilets and urinals,
Talking over others,
Use too much toilet paper,
Rejection,
Bad writer,
Control freak,
Crying a lot,
Pickles,
Garlic bread,
TOO MUCH Masturbation ,
Can’t drive,
Poop,
Poor diet,
Alcohol consumption ,
Bad at talking to women,
Very lonely sexually,
Embody mystical characteristics,
Gallbladder issues

Re: You in a nutshell
Am not masturbating THAT much for you to write a call out post about me. Okay. I do it sometimes and the gall bladder problems I told you in confidence. Now my trust is broken. Bitch.

A lot of u try to be funny and edgy


A lot of u try to be funny and edgy


Re: A lot of you try to be whatever
Shut up bitch you’re a try hard more than I am

ḋ̴̨̢̢̡̧̢̢̛̛̛̛̛̞̬͙̞͔̦̯̣̣͕̥̰̱͚̯̞̦̘̖̝̻̰̗͎̞̩̯̥̗̜͈͇̺͔̗͈̭͙͈̫̳͖͓͉̲̣̪̮̰͍̘̬͎̫͉̲̼͖͖̬̘̲̪͖͉͖̤̬͔͎̣̠̘̰̤͈̬̙͕͙̘̦̱̟͉̩
ḋ̴̨̢̢̡̧̢̢̛̛̛̛̛̞̬͙̞͔̦̯̣̣͕̥̰̱͚̯̞̦̘̖̝̻̰̗͎̞̩̯̥̗̜͈͇̺͔̗͈̭͙͈̫̳͖͓͉̲̣̪̮̰͍̘̬͎̫͉̲̼͖͖̬̘̲̪͖͉͖̤̬͔͎̣̠̘̰̤͈̬̙͕͙̘̦̱̟͉̩̬̰͍̝̞͚̹̼͕̞̘͎͍̫̱̝̹̳̮͔͍͉̤͉̰͉̩͕̦̱̠̣̬̺̝̺͕̭̮̣͖͙̘̖̙̘̣͎̭̻̳̤̘̻̞̟̖̫̱̟̦̜̻̘͉͎͙͕͙͛̏̈́̈́́̐̌̽̿̇̾̇̽̓̄̐͛̑́͆̊̈̈́͛̋͂́͂̄̾̍̑̎̋̍͗̆̒̌͐͋̊̃̀̃́̉̏͗̐̄̊́̃͛̊̈̉̐͒̍̈̋͂͂͛̒̑̍̏͐̒̐̊͐̎̉̾͊̏͛̑̔͗̌̐̌̍̃̽́̋̄̓͌͊̃͛͂͐̈̑̚̕̚͘̕̚̕̕̚̚̚̚͜͜͜͜͜͠͝͠͝͝͝͠͠͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͠ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅd̸͑̂́̉̓͗̇́̈́͗͗͗̿̏͝͠ͅ ̸̢̧̢̢̢̡̢̡̧̢̨̡̢̨̢̡̢̡̧̢̢̨̢̢̛̛̛̛̛̺̻͚̜̹̤͉̱̠̝̲̗̱͇͈͓͓̭̞͓̯͖͈̹̣̯̮̳̟͎̮̦̰͉̞͇̰͖̟͚̬͇̘̫͕̠͕̟̝̗̺͔̦̗̼͙̻̖̦̦͖̱͕̙̤̤̦̤̹̝͙͍̯͔̭̮̖̮̜̫͕̣̣͇̰͚̜͓͈͙͖̱̟̗̼̪̺̰͙̝̼̺̳͚̬̘͚͚͔̠͈̻̲̜̯̹͈̱̼̘̹͈͓̲̖̩̝̘̻͓̘̩͚̦̗̰͔̘̞̩̘̘̬̩̤̙͚͉̝̥̣̯̜̤͔̬̜̜͇͕͎̖̱͉̲̻͖̱̝̻̟͍͔̟͕͎̞̘̺̺̳͙̯͕̰͍̬͖͙͚̼͙͓̺͇̯͇͍̘͙̣̻̱͉̩̰̪̦̩̱̝͖̠̪̰̬̯̜͔̰͉͇̖̤͔͙͖̱̠̩̻̯̫̝̱͙̩̼͙̹͇̦̦̭̟̰̜̪̙̙͔̿̄̿̐͂̇̀̈̾̽͑̄̂͗̊̐̋͒̄̆̂̉̈̿̀̀͂̈́͆̍̂̒̇̆̄́̌̊͛̾̃͐̍̈́͗̑͌̓̐́̈̃̿̄͗̀͌̉̊̃̓̍̐̃̅͊̿̐̐̓̿̏̾̑̍͗͆͑̀̀̎̈̔̎̿̊̒̍̄͌̐͊̎̀̃̀̏̎̎͛̍̒͆̈̎̑̿͒̂͐̈̏͊̀̾͑͒̄̿̾͗̐̃̀̍͐́͌̏͆͗̇͗̏͋͑̑̌̀͑̃̒́̉̉̄̑͒̂͒͐̇͆̅̋̾̆͌́̓̈̔͆͆̀̃̑̄͛̂̊͆͗̆͒̍͋͗̐̿̉̋̋̽̑̕̕̚̕͘̕̚͘̚͘͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͠͝ͅͅr̷̨̡̧̨̢̡̢̡̢̢̡̢̡̢̨̢̛̛̛̛̛̛̝̳̺̖͍̰̭̲̮̣͈̮̩̮̼̞͕͖̦͖̤̦͍̬̘̪͔̟̬̟͙͈͕̜͖̠͎̻̯̝̪̖̭̦̳̝͚̥̫̳͓͈̼̲͓̥̞͙̮̖̺̣̪̘̜̖̺̺͖̞͉̣̤̲̦̙̖͎̱̱͓͚̠̮̫͚̱̥͈̱͓͚̬͖̮͍̬̠̙̩͔͕̥̹̲̭̻̟̞̲̺̠͖͑̅̀͂͐͆̈́̓͂͊̍̐̓͑̑̅̂́̾͋̇̄̆̄̿̋̿̏̌̉́͐͒̍̋̽̎̒͒̍̈́̽͑̒̓̏͆̆̌̑͒̑͑̋̉͋͑̍̈̽̄̌̆͆̓̀͗́̓͋͊̃̈̉̑̂͋̉̋͗͛͑͋́̽̏͌̈̂͂̅̊͊̌̿͂̊̍̉͌̌̌͛̇̋̆͋͒̍̉̃̄̉̋͌̈͊̽̔͌͊̎̓͋̾̕̚̚̚̚͘͘̚̚͝͝͝͝͝͝ͅ8̵̢̢̢̨̡̨̡̡̢̢̡̧̢̡̡̢̢̨̡̨̡̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̘͍̥͙̲̺̪̬̱̲̯͙̺̞̺̤̰̥̩̰̺͚̰̳̬͉̦͍̲̗̦̥̝͔̼͇̼͔͇͕̞̥̬̩͖̹̝̲̪͓̠͍̙̯̺̜̹̠̮̰͚̫̩̟͓͎̺̙̹͕̬̪̤̱͍̦̩̥̻̥̤̦̦̣͚̰̜̜̱̙͉͎̟̺̮̰̫͚̲͍̦̲͍̝͇̣̲̗͇̺͙̫̪̹͇̖͙̜̬̹̘̦̟̙̟̮̟̗̫̜͈̠̟̮̪̻̣̗̭̻͇̞̦̱̹̺̗̠̬͓͙͉͍̮̪͖̼͙͚̠̘̝͖̼̪͓̹͇̺̯̬͎̘̭͓̥̻̠̠̯̠͔̜̞̫͕̱̘̣̤͚͑͋͑̈́̍͑͑͂̉̑͂̀̋͋̾͑̏͗͑̂̌̊̓̓̋̓͑̏̔̈́̄̃͛̐̈́̊̿̄͋̇̈́̍̿̈́̈̊̌̄̒̂͛͑͗́̒́̈͒͗̆͆͆́́̔̏̋́̽̓͌̅̈̃̋̊͊͑͗́́̍͌̐̃͆́̈͂̅͑͑̐̇͌́͆̏̓̌̆̏͊̀͒̍̎̇̊͆͊̌͌̒̿̇͂̾̽̋̒̔̆̾͛̆̓̇̐̽̓̆̂̃̅̈̽͛̎͊̄̇̄͂͆͊̆̆͛̆̐̍͋́͑͋͋̄̇͒̇͑̑̈̕̕̚͘̕͘̚̕̕̕̕̕̚͜͜͜͜͝͝͠͠͝͝͝͠͝͝͠ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅ8̶̢̡̨̨̛̛̛͉̞͎̠̬̰̩͓̲͚̝̯̟͕̲̪͔͓̻̯͎̩̥̲͍̖͔̮͚̱̥̰̙̭̹͍̜̥̝͈̼͉͔̹̼͇̮͙̙̦̳̳̘̑̾̈́̿̀̽͑͛̓̈̀̈́̄͑̆͗́̌̾̀́̊̀̑͑̔̂̌̐͋̉͐̌̑̊́̓̃͌͑͒̆̒͋͂̒͊̌̍̌̈͌̂̇̍̒͊̿̇̌̐̎̑̽̎̍̈̋̂͌̄̓͊̎̉͂̾̎̋̄̽̂̌̔͑͊̇͛͒̋̐͗̋̅̾̋̒̄̿̿͆͐̃͌̔͊̂̿̀̇̎̇́̓̀̉̐̔́̍͆̓̿̅̾̃́̇͑̒̅̅̒̓͑̾͛͋͋̅̆͊͆͋͛͌͂̿̂͂̇͋̽̀̓͛̒̎̅̂͋͌̾̓͂̃̔̄̂̐͛͂̄͐͛̃̒̎͋̉̊̇̃̍͗̅̉̐́̓̅͆͐̉͋͛́̋̍̾͌͘̕̕̚͘͘̚̕̕͘͘̕͘̕͘͜͜͜͝͠͠͠͠͝͝͝͝͝͝ͅͅͅ ̶̡̡̢̧̧̢̡̢̧̧̢̢̢̡̢̡̡̨̨̨̛̛̛̛̛̛̛͙̳̺̖̮̭̤̼̠̪̙̪̥̞̯̳̠̘̼͍̬̞̞̞̞͈̗͙͚̜̳̦͚̞̞̯̞̜͎̹͈̯̼͓̲̥̼̗͎̟̖̼͓̘̗̼͚̮͙̟͓̙̩͍͓͔̫̪͓͔̫̩̟̼̘̟̗͙̪̗͔̩͉̬̲̘̥̭̭̣͓̩̘̗͙͎̭̜̤̘̬̜͚͙͖̬̭̦̩̳̬͍̹͚̦͇̬̭̹̳̠̗͉̪͉̻̹͙̪̮͈͍̞̘̳͙̯̭̺̤̙͍͍͖̳͖̝̜̟̳͓͕̗̫͍̪̯̺͕̯̠̫̦͔͙̜̝̘̣͚̰̯̥̩̲̲̘̻͎̺̘͉̹̟͔̲̼͕͚͇̬̠̭̠̤̞̣͎̳͚͔͇̹̰̩̫̟̙͖͈̠͕̥̪͈̖̹͇̫̲̹̞̗̖̭̺͈̇̋̏̓̃́̔̄͌̒̂̆͛̒̓̋̽̽̇́̏̏̎͗̇̉̂͑̒̆̂́̈́̋̃̈́̌̔̈́̽̓̾͌͂͗̊̏̌̉́́͒͆̇̽̅͋̍̾̇̽̅̇̅̑͗́̓̌͑̈̑́͐̈͂̄̇͑̒͐̑̆̄̒̀̇͋̅̏̅́͆͒͑͛̇̃̐͊̑̂͊̄̉̊͌̾̾͆͐͗͛͊̑͑̈͆̑̇͒̂͐̀̋͒̈͑͌̒̂̃̆̓̏͋̎̇̍̀̊̿̑͋̀̇̃̀̏̊̀̆̿̊̒̂̊͐̓̏̀̏̑̄́̄͌̔̏͊͆̎͒̌̓̇͑́͐̓̊͊͑͊͌͗̂̾̏̔́̆̽̈͌̑́͐̒̋̽͘͘̚̚̚̚̕̚̚̚̚̕̕̚͘̚̚̕̕͘̕̚̚̕̚͜͜͜͜͜͜͠͝͠͠͝͝͝͠͝͠͠͝͝͠͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅ8̵̧̢̡̢̧̡̛̛̛̛̛̪̹͙̦̟̯̜͎͇̰͈̖͙͈̻̜̳̪͉͍͖̺͎͓̬͎̣̪̣̼̝̳̯̺̝̘̣̦̯̰̲̝̹͉̮̻͈͕̰̼͓̙̗̭̟̱̤͉̥͔̙̦̱͖̻̜͚̖̜̯̝̭̳̜̦̳̘̣͚̲̗̝̫̩͔̣͙̫̞̜̺́̆͒̇̆̏̑̌̊͗͋͂͊̋͐͑̆̀̈́̔̈́͆́́̓̃̔̀̐́͑̂̌̀̍͛̐̋́̂̓͛̈́͊̇̒́̆̓̊̋̋̎̾̋͊̇͑̾̀̍̂̋̋̎̂͊͐̈͗̉̑̑̐͗̐͌̄̍͌̊͊̈̂̑͆̓͆̽̏̿̋͑̎̏͗̋̐̎̈͑̇̉̔͗̊̋̂̊̉̑̋̊͛͛͂̄͆͛̍̍̏̄̓͑̒͐̋̍̏̔̏̊̑̏̈͋͋͌̊̌͆̒͘̕͘̕͘̚͘͘̚̚͘̚͜͜͜͠͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝ͅͅͅt̵̡̨̢̡̢̨̡̢̢̡̨̢̨̢̡̨̢̛̺̣̼̰͈̥̯̯̝̥̜̪̮̯͕͚͓̬͎̫͎̞͖͉͈͓̮͇̫͎̗̪̱͈̗͕̹̖̟̬̦̣̳̤̜̫̼͚̜̻̣̩͎̟̻̫͈̟̺̼̯̮͈̫̺̙̥̣͕̰̙̘̣̦̻̫̳̹͚̰̞̲̤̟̘̻̭̭̱͚͈̺͈̲̫͉͖͉̥̖̻̘̰̰͕̮͇̹̬̮̼̱͕̪̖͖̱̼͖̱̝̣͓̺̪̮̘̭̗̜̤͇̟̟͕̥̭̥͙̪͎̻̙̮̙̻̹̮̞̭̱̮̟͍̪͖̝̥͔̪̰̖̙̮͚̹̹̟̱̱͍̣̝̜̰̜͈̠̫̥̯͕̮̗̫͓̭̜̖͇͔͎́̀̈̏͌͌̈́̅͂͐͌͆̀͒͐͌̉̀͛̎͋͑̈́́̽͗͂͋̽̈̾͗͒͐́̅̑̈͂̈͌̌̈͗͐̈͊͒̃́̇̆̈̾͋̇͂͊̑̊̈͐̌̆̕͘̕̕͜͜͜͜͝͠ͅͅͅͅͅĝ̷̢̨̢̢̢̛̛̛̛̛̬̫̜̮̺̱͚̩͚̦̝͈̼̫̯͓̩̗̰̖̫̙̯̫͔̙̲̭̺̲̻͓̗̥̯̣͎͙̞̬̹̲̲̰͖͈̱̝̫̲̲̖͖̭̗̺͓̑͋̆̈́̽̈́̅̉̈́̈̊̊͐̈̾̎̌̎͌̍̂̅̍́̊̅̑͒̐͑̏̀̊̈́͑͑́̈̏́͑̀̇̓͗̋́̃̌̃̆͌̔̎̄̍͌̉̓̎͌͊̃̾̉̒̍̿̿͂̈̉̐̏̐̔̌͊́͂̍͌͑̐͗̆͑̍͋̽͌́̈͋͛̍̄̒̀͌̇̐͒͋̇͆̆̒̇̌̊̃̋̔͐̊͑̇͋̿̏̇́̂͌̿̂͑̇͂̉͂̃̅̆́͆̂̏͛̀͋̏̐͋̌̆̃͘̚̕̚͘̚͘̚̚̕͘͘͘͘̕͜͜͝͠͝͠͝͝͠͝ͅͅͅͅu̶̧̨̨̡̨̨̡̧̨̡̢̡̢̢̧̨̧̡̨͚̮͈̰͍̜͕͇̟̦̣̤̪͖̫̥̳͖̙̭̦͍̪̰̳̺̯͔̱̼͉̲̺̳̞͈̹͓̬̩̲̞̙̙̞͈̭͓̬͉̝̣̱͕̖͙̹͇̥͓̜͉̝̺͍̖̹͉̺͎̮̙̘̙̲̮̰͚̳̬̦̳̟̼͖̝͖͙̟͎͍̬̠͖͇̪̤̠̦͓͍̜̹̰͍̼̼̦̰̠͔̰̬̺͚̩̱͖̖̺͔͔̖̪͈͎̺̞̞̘̩̹̼̻̗̪͈̲̩̠͎͎̦̼̬̻̥̫̯͉͎̙̮̤̹͙̝̲̼̝̲̰̮̗͈̎͐͐͐̔̀͛̋̃̿̒͗̈͜͜͜͜͜͜͠ͅͅͅͅģ̵̨̢̨̢̢̨̧̧̢̢̡̧̨̡̧̛͙̟̺̥͙̟͉̪̭̟̜͖̹̮͈̦͎̥͇̖͉̤̘̯̺̥͓̘͔͔͙̰͔̺̞̟͎̜̲͍͍͓͍̮͍͍̟̝̘̜̦̖̟̭̜̰̦̪͓̲͇̱͈̘̥̦̮̘̳̯̪̦̣͚̰̤͚̹͈̘̳͕̫͉̟͓̲͕͉͓̦̗͙̱̬̖̱̻̼̖̤͎͈̳̠̩̱͖̱̺͓̦̟͖̰̭͍̬̣̗̫̫̭̹͇̰̣̟͍̬̫͉̘̳͑̏̋̈̍̾͐͐̂̆̑̃̽̇̌̇̆̄̅͑̔͌͒̀̔̌̄̽̂̋̈͒̔͊͐̾̃̀̈́̿̉̇̍̊̆̐͑́̋͂̆̉̏̏̾̾͋̔͊̐͒̔͊͊̃̋̆̊̿͒̄̾̊̎̄̆͑̆̾̍͒͌̔̊̂͆̅̑̅̆̒͋̓̎͛͐̓͑͛͘̚̕̚̚̚͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͝͠͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅà̵̢̨̨̧̡̨̡̡̡̡̨̡̢̢̡̡̢̡̡̢̨̧̛̛̛̛͙̦̜̫̘̙͔̳̬̥͇̱̬̱̲̟̻̼̱̟̤͍͉̱͖̣̼̗̘̣̘̮͓̺̠̭̲̮̘̱̝̩͚̗̩͚̞̪̘̜̲̮̩̗̪͚͎̱̟͈̪͎̳̺̠̲̝̟̘̰̺͓̤̪̞̯̘̫͈͍̫̥͖̭̙̙̞̣̫̲̻͚͓̮̗͙̹̦̖͔̦̜̯̠̼̣͇̞̺̻͕̭̫̰̣͓̟̰͉̫̦͉̬̫̺̝̜͇͉͎̫̹̭̪͔̖̝̖͍̭̫̬̪̼̘̺̤̪͕̘̘͚͓͔̬̣̥͚̫͙̩͖̺̩͉͓̟͕̼̰̤̰̞͉̟͈̝͙͚̣͇̘͈͙̳̣̯̟̩͙̘̼̻͙̪͇͂̉͌̇̍̎͆̍͆̋͒͒̓̀̈̉͒͂͆̅́̓̾̑̒͋͒͆̍̾̑̈́́̅̀̂͋̅̽̋̓̆̒̏̎̈̐̿͐̿̑̓͊̋͌̓͊̅̿͂̐̎̿͂̉̄̐̏̿͂̽̉͆̏̋̔̇͑̓̅͛͂̈̓̐͌̊͐̎͛̋̃̀͌͂͗̃̇̍͆̿̍̍̂͑̐͆̋̋̽̾̔͐̒̽͋́̇̃̅̇̂͛̅͌̔̔͋̄̄͗̂̽̍͊̾̀͑̋͐͑̽̋̽̋͊̀͆͋̊̃̀̾̂́͊̒̽̕̚̕̚̕̚̚̕͘͘͘̚̕̕͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͠͠͝͠͝͠͝͝͠͠ͅͅͅá̵̧̢̡̨̡̢̧̡̛̛̛̛̜̮̻̙̪̞̙̺̗͈̩̤̰͓͖̝̟̤̖͉̩͖͖̝͕̝̙͕͚̼̝͉̮͖̟̭̖̬͚͇̙͔̇̈̽̋̈́͋̓̽͗̅̊̈́̿̍̏̈́̇̑͒͑̀͋̎̾̔́̑̂̃͋̇̽̑̍͆̇̍̐͂̊͗̆̈͂̑̀̄͆̈̿̆̀̋͌͊̈̀̌̎̌̑͆̏̍̔̋̏̌͂̑͆̄͋̏͑̄͗̚͘͘͘̕̕͘̕͘͘̚͘͜͜͜͝͠͝͠͝͝͝͝͠͠ͅ ̵̨̢̨̧̡̧̧̧̧̢̨̨̢̨̡̨̧̡̨̨̢̧̡̧̨̧̢̧̛̛̛̛̛̛̫̯͖͕̳͍͇̺͈̬̙͉̱̞̥̥̦̝̘͔̘̤̪̥̝̥͙̗͓͍̪͉̤͍͈̜͉̙͓̩̣̖͙̝̻̯̠̯͓͓̬̰̺͙̳̞̙̭̗̘̬͇̰͚̣̞̤͔͍͉̯͎͕̮̣̪̺̟̞͉̖̰͍̳̭͓̳̲͔̼͚̹̙̦̬̤͖̙̦͙̜̼̺̻̻̮̦̩̱͖͍̬̬͎͕̯͔̣͎̫͓͕̰̺̩̬̣͈̘̟̰̠̩̘̩̪̺̭̮͓̩̲̻͕̯͕͍̫͔͉͕͉͎̮͙̖͍̖̩̼͇̙̹̲͓̪̝̦̯̲̦̰͕̹͓͎̰͎̳̣̳̦̻̰̳̹̲̣̟̣̠͎͔͎̤͕͖͍̫̰̯͖͕̝̺̻̺̦̞̯̞̣̼͎̲͉̩̻͕̩̭̟̖̹̥̟̹̳̹̞̖͖͇̯̫̱̪̠̭̟͍͓̗̳̞̜̙̯̮̭͚͕̦̖̦͈͙͔̰̱̾̍̆͂̈́́̇̽̋̂̇͆̊̏̿̓̏̎̓͆̓̓̉̔̈́́̈́̌̍͌̊͛͊͌̈́̏̒͐̇̔͐͊̋́͂̓̾̎̐͋͆̍̔̎̃͒̽́̂̊̍͐̌̾̇̽͂͐͒͂̉̅̈͋́̏͒͗͛́̄̃͌̍͑̂͂͐̾͛̊͐̈̍̀͗͐͛͛͐͊̈̀͛̉́̋̿̏̔̃̑̆̕̚̕̚̕̕͘͘͜͜͝͝͝͝͠͠͝͠͠͝͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅd̴̢̧̛̛̛̘̯͍̥͚̟͍̳͍̟̩̙̪͇̱͖̘͇̤̘͍̣͍̮̼̜̟͍̻̫̣͎͓̉̿͐͆̈́̈́̊̿͐̆͆̊͑̑͋̑̆̅̿̏̂̋̈́̽̇̆́̍͌͋͊̓͊̊̓̇̉̂̍̅͌͗̒̈́͛̿̒̍̃̈̀͑̄͐̽͆̊̊̅̀͗͗̓̅͑̓̄̍̉̓͋̌̑̔̋̓̏̄̀̅̃̑̾̔̉̀̑̈̽̔͛̊͒̎͐̀́̐̒̈́̎͗͗̂̅̔̆̂͊͊̽̑̑̂̅̏̿͋̎̈͊̽̽̒̑͆̂̅̐̐̅̊̂̏̂̂̉̇̆̑̅̐̉̇͆͆́̅́͗͒̂̾̌͂̋̉̑̏̐́̄̿́͐̈͗̽̀̒̋̓̊̆̂̌͆͋͐̍͊͗̄̄͂̐͊̂̏̇̋̂͋̇͐͊̇̊͋̕̕̚͘͘͘̕̚̚̚͘͘͘͘͜͠͠͠͝͠͝͝͠͝͝͠͠͝͝͠͠͠͠͝͠͝͝͝ͅͅd̷̢̢̡̨̢̻͓̬̙̭̤͖͈̮̭͙͙̜̦̤̪̣̻̰͓̤͕͙̭͎͖̗̗͍̼̞͙͚̥̱̦̟̙͇̞̥͇̥͙̫̳̬̼̗̺̙̥̬̤̗̺͔͍̠̻̝̜̼͈͓̖͔͕̩͔̗̜̦͚̳̰̣̼̤̘̔̋̆͌́̉͗͊͒͜͜͝ͅͅ ̵̢̢̡̧̡̢̧̧̡̨̧̨̡̢̧̨̡̡̨̛̛̛̛̛̤̣̯̫̘̞̪̞͚͉̞͖̮̦̗̙̖͇͎̘͖͎̘̗̞̼̳̯̪̖̩͚̳̳̗͇̟̥͇̥̼̩̰̺̹̼̥͎̥̺͉̟̜͉̯̺̞̜̳̥̦̻̠͙͍̜̝̼̹͔̺̪͖̙͕͓̣̰͙̦͙͍̦̩̦̺̪͍̠͍̣̤̳̖̺̙͉̱̻͔̹͙͍̗̜̣̰̠̮̺̥̲͉̹̩̗̤̻̭̯̖͇̝̺̗͙̹̝̻̜͈̺̬̬͓̪͚̦͎͈̰̤̣͖͈̭̖̯̻̝̖̝̠͇̜͖͈͔̳̪̬̻̖̯̞̪͎͙̗̯͚͔̀̔͆̄̄̐̓̓̿͂̌̓̾̓̃̆̽̇̽̿̊̌͋̃̌̔͂͑̉̌́̿̀̅́̃̐̑́͒̐̆͗̈́͆̏͑͊̇͗̉̑̿͐̑̽̿̈͑͒͆̔͗̋͂̆̄̂͒̉̎͐́̒͂̀͋̔̈͐̌̂̍̎̀̚͘̚͘̕͘͘̕͘͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅr̴̢̨̧̧̛̛̛̛̛̛̫̖͉̤͍̲͚̫͇̻͖̪̫͍͈̼͎̝̗͙̯̼̠͚̞͌̿̉̎͐͒́͂̏̽̏̾̂͐͗͂̽͗͒̑̏̾́͂̓̀̈͂̃́̍̿̈́̈́̈́̿͗̀̐́̅͂̈́́̋̂̇̋̄͂̎̊͊̋̓̊̽̃͑̒͑͒̍̄̀̏͑͆̇́̌͋̾̂͗̆͊̍̀͊́̏͛̒̑́͆͂̊̎̎̊͒͛͒̄̀̎͐̌̀̐̂͛́̓̆̉̏̇̄̐̓̌͂̎̍̽͂̅̔̉͆̄͆̓̏̊̋́̈͋̇͋̈̑͑̄̃̑̂̆͌̾́̐͒̔̔͂͒̐̾͂͌͐̔̒̈̎̄̆̂̂̿̎̉̆͗̚̕͘̕͘͘̕̚͘̕̕̕͘̚̚̕͜͜͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͠͠͝͝͠͠͝͝͠͠ͅ8̵̧̢̡̡̨̨̨̨̡̨̢̨̧̨̛͇̙̜̲̥͉̣͎̖͚̜̹̳̤̼̟̲̬̲̝̜̬͖̰̺͎̹͓͈͕̻̘̦̭͔̥̱̮͖̱͚̞̱̲͙̥͙̞̤̻̞̪͉͈̭̥̯̻͓̬̘̠͓͉̬̱̺̞̤͖͖͙̪͖̝̙͓̱̬̗̮̦̮̩̲̩̯͕̝̺͖͈̭̝̖̤̖̯̝̖̗̺̳̩͖͗͂͒̑̈̌́̎̓̔̀͂̓̀͒̑̓́̑̌̓͂̓̇̓̇̃́̃̌͋͌͒̈̈́̿̂͆̍̐̔̋̌̐̎̋͛͆̔̈̈̀̀̂͒̂̄̽̋̽̂̊̄͑͐̿̅͒̌̉̓́͘̕͘͘͜͜͠͠͝͠͠ͅͅ8̵̧̡̡̧̡̧̡̡̨̡̧̢̛̛̛̛̛̛̥̤̗͔̖̲̞̳̞̯͚̟̦͇̮̹̠̰̩̖̬̦̘̦̻̜̲̮̰̼̺͖̯̰͔͙͎͚̭͈̬̱̭̺̱͚͍͙̩̲̼̺̲̜̩̳̤̥͍͉̲̝̪̤̳̠̦̺̼̞̮͉̹͕̳̊̈́̾͛̒̈́̑͑͑̅́̊̉͐̒̃͑̆̐͆̏̊̊͆͂̈́̎̀̅͗͐̆̓͌͒̏̌͂̒̌̽͒̐͋̊̑̇̓̃̏̂̊͒̑̄̿̔̊̃̄͐̎̆̈͆̿͆͋͒̃͂͋͛̿͛̓͂̂̽͐̊͛͑̿͛̾̅͋̿͌̉͆͗̂̈̂̏̄͛͌̉̊̔̒͌̌̄̎͐͒̉͑͊̔͑͑͒͑̋́̃̃̓́͌̑̀͋̿̽̋͆̅̄͊͊̆̂͆̾͊̑̅̀̆̇͐̈͂̆͊̇̊̒͒̃̒̉͛̐̈̀̂́̎̃͋́̅͌̒̈̄͒͆̑̎̌̐̉̑͐̐͛̃̐̇̾͂̃͌͂̑̆̀̌̈̒̅̎̒̇̏͋̀͗̌͛͒͒̆̌̌͌̄́̓̔͑͊́̔̿̂͛̑́͒̌͆̂̕̚̚̕̕̕̕͘̕̕̚͘̚̕̕̕͘̚͘̚̕̕͜͝͝͝͝͝͠͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝ͅ ̵̢̨̧̧̡̧̧̡̢̢̧̡̧̡̧̨̧̧̡̧̡̢̢̢̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̹̘̞̫̩̝̹̺̱̬͓̠̼̲͉̻̦͍͈͙͇̜̻̯̘͖̻̲̦͍̙͙̘͕̹̝͕̪̱͙̳͓͉͉̜̩͍̰͖̜̥̬̹̳̬̦͎̻̖̠̲̟̩̺̪̼̦̫̺͚̩͔̦̹̯̼̹̖͓̲͈̣͕̗͓̭̳̝̪̤̜̳̳͉̙̣̰̘̟̘͍͇̤̜͉͍͕͔̳̺̫̠̰̰̠͍̪̙̭̤̺̲̜͙͉̙͚͇̤̠͓͈̠͉̤̘̜̗̥͉͎͙͈͇̝̫̳͎̜͔͙̲̼͇͉͍̭̼͉͍̖͎̣̜̫̝̘̮̥͙̜͙͍̝̳̭̺̳̪̜̱̦̹̮̥̟̤̘͕̤̝̝̺̳͙̖̭̥̖̘̖̜̬̹̳̜̻̏̂͗̀̋͋̀̌̔̅̂̿͊̍̀̒́̏͋̄̇͂̎͂͒̃͐̐̋̓̇̽̑̌̎̂̈́̂̿̃͛̉̈́̿̄̂̀̐̇̎͋̊̿̈͐̎͒͑̌͗͌͌̎͌̊̄̃́͋͒̉͆̂̓̄̉̔́͑̅̄̆̂͂̐͒̏̀̍̿͗́̇̊͐̑͗̅͆͗̓̿̃͌̒͆͗͑̽͌͛͊̐̒̍̏̾̇̄̿̊̂̍̎̄̄̐̀̀̕̕͘̚̚̕̕͘̚̕͘̚͘̚͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͠͠͝͝͝͠͝͠͝͠͝͠͝͝͝͠͝ͅͅͅͅͅ8̴̢̢̧̨̡̢̡̢̨̨̡̧̧̡̨̡̢̡̢̢̡̨̢̛̛̙̰̥͙͙̤̪̦͎̙͈̙̣͖̯͇̩̯͖͖̙͉̹͙̪̜͕͈̫̫̘̫͍̲̰̣̲̩̙̫͓̤͓͕̖̥̙̭͚͔̳̺̹͇͚̟̠̘̘̭̱͕̘̘̥̭̹̦̤͍̳̬͉̘̬͖͔̪͙̘̗͎̮̥͎͉̟̲̰̙͉̻̥̝̝͔͕̣̱̫̦͇̪͎͓͖̭̳̣͕̠̳̬͓̹͈̖̱̜̙̞͓͈̯͓͎̭̤͎̱̱̳̩̪̹̺̟̻̳͚̥̞̻͚̭̱̥̱̗̪̭̜̪̭͕̬̠̳͚̠͓̙̯̬̣͍̰̮̬͓̺̭̫͚̤͇͙̩̻̼̭̯̣̼̥̼̮͙͖̺̣͔͔̭̼̠͚̻̹͕̮̺̫̮̙͔͇̜̪̺̗̣̝̹̥̲͚͍̘̬̥͙͖̹͉̺̣̭̰͎̦͚̺͎͙͍̱̗̫͉̖̦̺̼̳͕̟̞̻͉̠̥̖͓̖̩̱̮͌̊͂̉̒͌̊̄̌͒̆̅̄̒͛̒͒̏̀̋́̍͒̓́̇͆̾̒̈́̅͑̇͒͛̅̈́̀̌̓̈̇͆͒̀͛̈̋̾̉̓̋͑͑̋̇͐͛̃̀̈̎̉͑̔̾͛̿͋̌͂̎͑̔̊̽̿͌͒̆̌̽̿̓̉̋̐͋͋̏́͆̇͘͘̕̕̚̕͘͜͜͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅṭ̶̨̢̡̢̧̧̨̧̨̧̛̛̩͕̠͓̝̙̱͔̪̲̯̼̫̲̪̘̱̮̲̻̯̯̥̖̪̤͈̙̩͖̭̗̱͇͍̟̮̱̝͈̹͓̱̬̳̦̬̝͈̼̝̻̯̝͙̞̻̬͙̼͎̞̦̪̱̺̰̣͚͚̮̲̙͎̺͉̞̬̗̭̪̫̘͇̠̲̰͓͉̲͚̹̮̳̠̳̘̫̝͕͈̻̜̪͈̯͎̗͇̪̹̫̫͍̠̖̗̟̤͔̤̻̦͔̩͇͙̝̩̱̼̠̩̜̬̩̝̤͍̜͚͔̟̺̩̜̞̲͕͉̹̠̬̠̱̤͙̦̰̖̘͎̙͎̻͉́̀͗̎̍͊̉̆̿͗́̍͐͋̔̿̇̓̇̓̉͛͋͒̋̋͒͐̋͋̔̔̾̐͆̓̆̌͋̀̎̎̃̉̅̔̌͂̎̿̾̈́́̿̉̓͑̎̐͂͋̂̔̾̀̎̏̀͛͆̑͘̕̕̕̕͘͘͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͝ͅͅͅͅg̸̨̢̨̡̢̨̧̨̢̡̧̢̢̧̡̢̢̡̨̡̡̢̨̨̢̧̡̢̧̧̛̛̛̤̜̹̖͇̟̠̮̭̺͔̞̦̟̟̺͕̖̱͎͓̫͔̹͓͚̟̟̣͎̟̭͚͓̫̣͙̹͍̞̭̯̩̭̯͙̬̰̗̜̪̤͖̞̟̱̲̮̥̲͚̘̰̺̟̹̙̠̬̝̬̫̖͚̱̟̤͖̦̲̞̩̘̱̦̞̬͎͓̜̮̼̘̥̗͕̗̥̬͎̮̗̼̱͍͇̹̰͖̟̹̭̥̝͙̦̳͈͔̺̟̝̫͎̞̞̞̲͖͓̱̜̝̳͎̦̮͕̪̠͇͚̮̟̻̟̙̯̺̖̳͓̞̱͓͇̪̙̭̬͍̪̤̤̯̩̹̣̝̰̺͈̩͖͎̪̲͙͔̝̮̺͍̥̪̥̠͕̖̱̪̭̬̳͉͖̻͍̝̭̘̠̖͍̭̺͔̼̼̟̳̭̘͕̼͕̗͕̤̜͚͓̲̞̖̺͓͎̯̱̬̹̫̠̣͕̪̱͓̫̙̖̻̲͓͖̪͕͍̥̣̟̤͇̘̠̋͂͒̇̔̈̈́̆̎̀͊̾͆̋̓̌́́̓̾͂͂̆̆̔́̾̈̄͊̂̈́̎̇̈́̿͛͊̿̔̔̆̑̆͗͐́̓̈́̈́̇̓̃̎̆͐̄̃̀̒̑̋̂͆̉̉͌̄̀̅̎̍͗̒̔͊̓̊͗̎͂̐͂̊̔̏̄̐̒̍͐̂̽́̂̎̎̅̄͆̒̌̊͛̑͋̍̓̒̄͐̔̅͂̽͛͛̔̽̌̔̈̏͊̋͂͋͛̈͂͒̇̄̿́̿̔̓͒̐̋̚͘̚͘̚̕͘͘̕̚͘̕̕̚͜͜͜͜͜͜͠͝͠͝͠͠͠͠͝͝ͅͅͅų̶͎͓̪̤͖̗̞͈̱̤̦̰̭̹͉̥͖͎̝̫̯̗̟̻̃͒́͌͗͗͂͜͠ͅͅģ̵̢̢̧̢̛̟̩̰̥͈̹̤̳̪̬̭̫̭̣̘̮͓̗̻͚̰͍͇̝̜̬͓͍̫̯̤̱̖̟͓͖̖̹̗̞̠͇̭̲̬̼͍̺͓̞͚̯̖̜̹̩̯̞̹̰̰̟̣̠͈̬̲̥̪̬̫͖̭̟̼̝̘̟̭̝̬̥̠̀̈́̽̋͒̈̉͐̿̑́̏͆͆̉͛̍̀̀̏̅̎͑̏̿̇̆̌̉̃̐̈́͘͘͘͜͜͜͠͝͝͝ͅͅͅȧ̶̧̡̨̧̡̢̢̡̡̡̢̨̛͕̭̯̝̱̼̞͖̮̼͙͓̱̮͎̙̣̳̖̲̮̬̼̺͙̗̠̞̖̤̤͔̞̙̦̺̮̦̻̬̬͚̝̖͖̞͕̥̺̺̞̱̯͍͓̖͖̺̮͖͉̦͍͕̺̰̙͎̻͕͍͕͓̟̻͚̤̝̞͕̮̣̲̤͔̙̱͚̳̻̣̝̟͚̰̘̳̈̇̅͑̿̐̈́̐̐̒̋̑́̎̍͋̈́͑̇̌̔͌̀͂̏̑͒̏̈͑̊̈́̓͒̑̅̀̔́̊̂̑̈́͗̊̓̈͋̉̾̾͒̈̎̓̅̂̄͋̈̔̑̿̑̊̌̒̔͑͒̆̔̏̑̂͆̍̔͊̓̃̉͗̃̉͒͊̈͆͗̓͗̽͂̇̇̂̍̈̏͛̒̍̅̾̂͗̀̋̆̾͑͐̑̈̍́́͑̊̇̈͋̒͂̓̃̂͂̈͑̅̔̉̑̔͐̐̍͛̍̈̆̀͛͒̋̀̏̋̃͛͌̿́̇͊̊̽͛̆̋̿̈̂͊̄̏́͂͗̔͗̽̑̒͗̄̔̇̉̅̍͑̑̆͛̂́̎̓̅͐͊͐̊̈͗̅̇̚̕͘̕̕͘̚̕̕̚͘̚͘̚͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͝͝͠͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͠ͅͅͅḁ̸̧̧̢̢̨̨̧̧̨̡̧̢̡̧̨̡̛̛̛̯̤͍̫̯̱̺̜̼̮͔͖̘̥̺̥͙͇͈̺̠̺̜͚͉̲͓̘͖̮̤̩̙͉̰̳̥͉̹̹̗̮̜͙̹͕̬̫̘̺͉̻͈̳̭͖̭̣͖͖̙̣͔̥̬̩͖̰͉͔̬̰̹͇̣̠̼͔̬͎͍̱̠̦̮̥͔̻̥̹̭̮̫̘̪͍͖͖̮̣͓̖̘̗̣̠͕̠͔̣̱͈͉͓̱̝̞͈͙̻̥̯͙̲̙̙̳̱̯̜̰̯͇͈̺̫̱̞̤͎̭̞̏͐̍̅͊̈́͆́̃̊̂̎͆̇̈̅̂̀̑̌͐̈̀̃̀̐̀̈́̅̌̓̎͂͂̎͋̑̔̄͊͐̐̽̿͑̊̂͂͋̆̋̒̄̈̿̿̅̈̄̐̓͌̐̾͒́̔̎̑̇̾̿͆̏͗̒̔͆̀͌̇͗́͋̾̋͑̊̅͊̃̈̀̋̈̉̍̋͒̅̎͒͑̔͛͊͆̆̿͂͆̓̎͋͊̑͌͋͐̓͒̒̓̾̎̃̎͑͗̌̂̍̐̾̋̈͐̒͂͗̎̊̓͑̀̉̃̃̂͐̽͛̀̿̏͌̐̔̊͐̒̿́̔͌́͛͗̑̾̕̚͘̕͘͘̚̚̚̕̚͜͜͜͜͜͠͝͝͝͝͠͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅ ̸̧̧̧̢̛̛̛̝̣̞͍͓̗̲̺̦̝̜̱͍̻͇͖̝̼͉̫͚͙̞̱̗͔̥͚̗̮̘͆́͊̓̍̀̆̀̆̀̌͛̓̑̿̑̓̉̃̀̅̈͒͌̈́̽́̉̉̔̂͆̉̋͛̑̿̃̌̑̌̀̿͐̽̓̀͐̆͑́͒̽͐̃͂͛̓͘͘͘̕̕͘͝͠͝͠d̴̡̡̧̢̧̨̧̠̤̲̟̩͓̝̥̹̤͕̭͉͉̘͓̱̬̮̺͓̝͇͉̥̪̠̠̥̳͖͎͈̤̫̭̗͈̟̺̦̜͈̺̭̦̰̯̻̻̭̝̬̬̱͎̪̞̰͇͚̻̬̼͖̞̗͙͇̖̳͕̪̘̖͓̈́̎̾̓̇̍͛̓̃̑̐̂̄̍̋̔̈́͆̐͗̽̆̾̓̇̊̐̃̆̓̎͊̄̄͂̏͛͌̊̉́̀͆̿̈́̍̔͋̿̀́̆̇̊̒̉͛͘͘̚̕͘͘͝͝͝͝͠͠͠ͅḑ̵̧̨̧̢̨̡̢̢̛̛̛̫̬̠̝̳̖͓̦͈͎̞̬̺̳͚̬̻͍̪̟̲̬̙͚̯͎͈̜̦̮̜̮̩͙̱͍̼̯͖̜͈͙̜͇̬͚͍̖̤̳͙͉̫̺̻̼͖͎̯͈̘̭̰̘̪͓̞̟͚͚͎̳̮͚͈͍̗͓͇͖̝̻̦̻̗͙̹̞̣̬̠̻͔̱͍͈͎̖̪̘̙̹̲̫̗̠̮̦̝͉̖͉̱̥̯͚͇̲̪̘̭̜͉̣̻̬̘̼̺͎̖͔͇̒̇̓̉̿̽́̍̃̀̔͛͌̀̌͐͋͆̋̅̐̀̌̽̑̐͗̍̊̀̅̒̍̎͋̐̐̈́͗̈́̉̅͛͋͛̏̽̌̀́͌͗͆̍͂͂̓̋̈̂̔͋̊́̃̆̐͋͛̄͒̏̓͊̍̽̅͆̊͒̊̽̊͌͑͛̅̐̋̇̐͌̓͗́͂͗͐͆̌͂̾͛͆̇̎̓̒̀͗̄̎͂͐̽͂͗̔͌́̃͑̍̏͂̅́̉̐̆̊̽͒̔͛͋͒̈̔́̋̆̒͐̂͋̏̒̽͗̒́͂̉͌͂͊̏̓͒̑̃͗͆͑̚̕͘̕̚͘͘͘̕̕̕̚̕͘͘͜͜͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͠͠͝͠͠͠͠͝͝͝͝͝͝ͅͅͅͅ ̴̢̧̨̨̨̢̧̨̧̧̢̧̢̨̢̧̧̨̧̨̨̛̛̟̝̝͈̱̼̬̤̱̰̯̫̰̣̪̙̤͔̰͓̱͇͖̠̲̺̦͕̤̠̫͓͓̥͎̹̖̺͖̼̬̞̻̰̰͖̹̰̰͚̻̬̻̩͎̥̳͕̜̳̭̜̘̪͖̥̖̰̭̗͖̙͔̙̣̗̲̜̮̜͚̘̹̥̯̖̤̙̹̞͖̮͙̘͕̩͍̱͔̱͓̠̫͍̮̳̝̹̙̠͓̬̤̹̗̠͉̪̰̣̭̫̭͍͙̭̺̼̘̦̼̙̭͈̗̞̟̻̬͚̱͇̭͍̮̪͚̙̟͔̖̦̺͇̞̗̟̙̞͔͖̰͇̩̞͚̹͇͙̹̟̱̦̳͇̪̥̜͖͉̙̙̺͖̹͇͇̣͙̺͍͖͈͈̹̫͙̮̦̬͙̖͇̻̝̝͔̠̳̣͖̖̫͔̭̹̲͎͇͉͈̤̗̬̩͚̣̣͈̺̩̦͍̼͙̭͍̙̝̼̻̲̬͈̼̰̀̒͛́̓́̊͑̓̿̌̿̽̑͐̎̀͂͒̽̈́̓͊̐͂̇́͊͆̉͒͗̐͑̂͗̈́̄̍͂̇̈́̈́̿̉̓̌̍͗̇̇̈͆̏̍̽̑̌̀͐̃͑̉̑̃̃͌͆͑͌̄̆́̾́̏̋̍͒͑͌͂̑̅̊̏̆̎̽͗̂̿̉͒̋̔̊̄̃̀͊͌̏̍̅͋͊̃̋̈̋͊̍̎͛̀̎̿͒̌̂͑̒̽̒̑̈͐̎̇́͌̉̋͆̉̅̐͐͑͑̍͐͐̏̈̑͒̇͂̊͑̊̾̃͐͐͆̏̑̈̋͛͗͆̄͂̏̉͛̿̽̍̇̉̽́̑͒͋̑̍̾̾̾̊̈̄̆́̃̓̊́͂̽̏̆͑̋́̑̽͗͒̊́̿̀͒̌̽̒̓͌̃́̒̿͐̍̄̚̕̚̚̚̕̚̚̚̕͘͘̕̚͘͘͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͠͝͝͠͝͝͝͠͝͝͠͠͠͠͝͝͠͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅŗ̶̨̨̢̡̨̡̢̨̧̨̨̡̨̨̡̧̡̢̨̧̧̨̢̛̛̯̪̭̞̹̝̞̰̣͔̘̲̤̣̹͚̜̼̘̹̹̺̬̲͉͔̼̠̬̼͔̤̲̗̦̼̬̩̲͈̮͔͖̼͈̹̜̰̬̭͉̪̟̬͍̖͎̯̫̥̥̤̹̭̯̺̖͉̻̠͍̪̠͚̞̭͔̙̣͚̜̭̱̮̰͓̮̖̯͙͍͉̝̙̦̪̖̙̗̯̗̫͍̪̪̲̠̥̼̩̗̭̥̖̲̤̪̠̭̞͎̙͈̙̱̯̬͙̣̠̫͇̲̥̳̦͓̮̖̲̹͕̩̼̦̪̪͎̪̯̗̣̮̰̖̫̞͚̠̞̻͔̙̳̜͕͓̩̥̼̺̜͕͇͎̩̞̮͐͆͋͋̾́̄͒̽́̍͋̄͐̿͋̄͛̇͐̎͂̊̅̅̐̔͆̂̋̎̈́̽̓̿̾͐̏̊̈́͋̉́̈́͌͑͊̎̈́̿̀̅͐̓̒̄͐̍̽̋͊̐͆̆̇͂͂̃̏̈̍͆̒͗̽̅̆̂͑̆͊̉͊̂͆̿̾̈̉̐͑̊͆̊̐̈̃̑͑̽͗͋̇̌̂̏͂͑̔͑͂̂̉͒̽̆͊̽̀̐̄͛̐͑̎͑̈̄̆̀̊̔̓̽͆̿̅̄̔̆̎̒̐̊̂̇͐͊͑͌͒̐́̕̚͘̕̚̕̕̚̚̕͘͘͘̕͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͠͝͠͝͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅ8̴̧̢̨̧̧̢̨̨̢̢̨̡̧̨̨̛̛̛̹̝̣̝͖̹̭͖͎͈̘̮̻̩̬̣̹̜̣̱͔̤̺̲͙̳̘͙͔̫̹̬̮̰̯̻͚͙͈̘̰͔̦̳͚͍̻͇͓̰̩̘̜͙͙͓̦̙̗̫̬͓͇̰̥̟͈̥͍̤̦̯̥͇̤̪̭̦͉͕͖̤͓͉̗͕̠̻͓̯̘̬̹̲̟͇̜̺͍̭̦̱͍̥̙̄̿̂̎̂̀̽̉͑͑͂́̃̑̒̿͑͆̊̈́̽̿͂̂̅̂̽̏͒̓̋́͛̽͆͌͛̕͜͠͝͝͝ͅͅͅͅ8̵̡̧̢̧̡̧̢̧̡̨̧̡̢̛̛̛͎̗̻͙̳̹̥̰͉̟͓̙̞̮̻̱̦̠̘̝͚̤͍̦̮̞̣̯͈͚̝̰͈̦̟̪̪͖̹͎̯̰̻͈̫̩͓͚̘̠̦̣͍̳̥̫̫̺̪̝̖͙̗̭̠̭͓̩̻͓̺͈̩̜͙͔̤̱͎̞̱͓̘̣̭̘͓̹̹̳͓͓̣̲̩̗̳̫̠̟͇̗͔̖̺̪̬̥̹̦̜͇̯̳̬͔̰̤͚̞͌̓́̏̌̈͒̀̒̂̋̐̉̐͌́̏͂̓́͛̀́̿̏̊̊͐̈̾̑̌̔̽̓͊̅̿̅͗̑̋̑̊͊̄͑̈̓̾̒̌͒̆̊̃͗͌̊͂͛̏͆̇̎͊̃͆̌͛̍̑̂͛̑̂̊͗͛̽̋̌̉̑͛̐̅̌̄͂͗͒̒̉̂̅̃̽̐̎͗̍̇̌̇̅͒̉̍͆̉̄̈͑͒́͗̉̉̐̐͐̋̄̉͒̇͒͗̆̃̋̊͒̀̂̔̌̄̀̑̚̕̕̚̕͘̚͘̕̕̚̕͜͜͜͠͝͠͠͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͝ͅͅͅͅͅ ̸̡̨̧̧̧̨̧̙̳͙̱̦̤͇̣̙̭̳͉̖̙͍̰̝̣̭͖̦͙͍͚̯̮̰̺̯̩̠͎̹̱̳̱̼͕̫̭͔̯̘̜͉̠̩̦̣̱̲͔͎͓͕̜͍͍̝̮̖̤̥̘̞̞̼͇́̌̽͜͜͠ͅ8̸̢̡̡̡̧̨̧̨̨̢̡̢̨̡̧̛̛̛̛̛͎͍̩̞̝̠͉͇͚̘̪̪̠̩͇̼͍̼̲͕͇̣̭̩̮̘̫̦͍̰̲̝̺͙̟̣̤̩̬̹̤̣̦̗̜̭̳̻͙̬̞̖̪̦̩̞̫̣̦̥̻̘̩̯̤̪̜̗̘͔̣̻͎͖̣̙̦̺͕͍̙̤̻̮̭̩̙̦͉̺̼̘̝̺̮̣͖̝͍̣͓͕̩̝͇̻̯͉̪̺͓̯͚̟̬̦͓͕͂͗͊̊̅̇̍̏̌̈́̉͑͌̍̏̓͂̋͆̄̉͆̇̽̿̆̀̉̿̈́͋͆̋̄̔̾̂̄̔̒͑̇̌̀̾͆̔̐̈́̀͗̌̂͂̍̑̀͌̄͗̔͆͌̇̆͋͛̈̓̐͊̒̌̈̊̂̾̊͋̅̊͌̅̇͋͆̒̄̐͒̎̃̄̐̓̽̽̓̐̾͂͗̽̏͗͛̌̇̒͆͊̀̿̌̎̔̍͂͗̍̊̽̔̉̐̏̑͌͆̍͐̓̿̉͂͂̿͂̏̅̄͐̿̊̊͒̈̔̇͋̅̄͒͐̾̔̌̀͌͋͗̃̔́̄̍̊͋̅̒͐̾̾̐̈̐̿̾̊̋͛̾̀̓̄̎̆̆̎̃͘̕̕̚̚̕͘̚͘̕̕͘̚͘͘̕̚̚̚͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͠ͅt̶̨̢̢̧̡̨̨̢̢̢̧̛̙͚̦͖̭̝̥̥̯̯̺͙͈̦̫̼̣̺̰̱̗̟͎͙̺͎̱̣̹̻̺̻͚̲̝̣̹͈̩̠̜̤͈̪̯̼͈̤̝̦̼͎͈̦̱̟͎̪͖̥̲̞͇͉̺̭̳̺̩̲̺͔͉͖̞̠̲̜̦͖̖̲̻͉͕͕͍̖̦̪̩̺̩̭̬̬̓̑̉͒̌͗̎̿̓͑͋̂̋͊̉͒̓̊́̎̀͒̈́̔͒̅̍̾͂̉̈͊͐̆́̊͐̾͋̍́̐̂́̀̓͌͛͂͌͊͊͒̎̋͊̇͒͌̀̉̄̉̐͌̎̇̀͗̋͊͒̇̏̒͑̓̆̉̔̈̌͆́̂͋̅͛̄͆̿͋̿̒̆͑̋̉̔̽̃̂̍̇̈̆͂͂̈̉͗̆̐͛͒̂͊̀̑͊̇̆̅̉̿̍͊͛̑̅̔̌͆̕̕̕̕̚͘̚̚̚͘̕͜͠͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͠͠͠ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅģ̴̨̡̡̢̨̢̧̧̨̛̦̭̙͓̜̭̞̠͚̞͖͔̩̦͎̟̬̜̱͙̗̙͎̬̘̫͍̹̯͔̺̳̥͉̩͕̦̤̥̭̘̲̺͉̟̝̼̭̮̦͈̱̱̼̟̖̜̗͉̣̟̣̬̮̘̟̱͚̩͎̬͇̑̏̃͂͒̾̇̓̓̂͂́͊̑͂͆̓̍̈́͗̇̋͒͆̾̅͐͌̋̓̄̇́̌͂̇͘̚͘͘ư̸̢̡̨̧̧̡̨̡̢̡̨̧̨̢̧̢̡̡̨̢̛̜̱̼͇̬̩̳͕̪̗̜̞̘͕̜̩͙̹̞̭̙͈̲̞͚̯̖̰̥̙͍̥̼̘̯͈̱̼͈̞̩̪̱̺͖̱̝͖͍̝̥̲̟̩̩̞͍̳͕̱̖̦͔͚̯͇͉͍̮͖͍̣̬͓̮̯͈̤͙͉͚͍̙͉̻̪̰̫͓̜̲͇̪̪̺͇̲̥̥͙̲̪͔̦̰̦̤͍̲̙͚̣̪̫͇̼̰͔͈̗͖̠̳̬̱̺̰̭̦̫̥͓͖̻̟̲̭̪͓̳͇̟͇̞̜̞̹͍̙̠͎̪̘̝͎̼̳̖͍͇̫̟̺̩̯̜̻͎̖̮̞̱̗̼̟͈̠̰̠̝͖̼̠̫̜̰̭̱̭͍̞̝̖͇̫̬͙̘̭̭̬͉̦̙̹̝͇̺̩̱̰̞̦̲͍̩͈̖̮͙̖̺̲̲̳̌͋̆̍̃̅͂̊͋̀̒̆͆̐̿̊̋̅̓̐̽̂͆͂̀̾̾̀͌͂͊̆̂̇̈́̾̈́̓̽̋̐̀͊͐̓̽̂̂̑̐͐͛̋̍͋̌̈̐͐̔́́͒̇͑̽͗̽͑͆̾̐̓̆͊̔͆͑̌̆͌̾̃́̿͑͋͆̌͛̾̏̇͋̅͊̿̏̈͑̇͗̊͂̌̌̀̔̾͊͋͊̉̐̄̔͌̓̒̏̾̐͌́͗͂͆̊̇̆͌͆̿̃̒̽̅̿̐͂̿̅̕͘͘̚̕͘̚̚̚͘͜͜͜͜͜͠͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅģ̶̧̡̨̧̧̧̨̡̢̢̢̛̛̛̛̛̲͇̻̪͚̣̦͕̲͔̰̠̙̦̲̹̣̝̭̠͍͓̞̰̟̳̮̩̖̯͓̲̠̙͙̹͖͖͕̙̻̭̭͙͎͍̦̯̬̠̗͍̘̙̯̠̼͓̗͎̯̹͎͉͔̗͔̦͙̱̜̰̜͎͚̬̦̖̦̭̗̗̲͍͚͙͕̜͕̹͙̰̥̩̝̺̫̤͎̥̩͚̮̞͇̜͖͉̪̬̯̞͈͎̱͖̤̻̯̞̣̘̘͙͕̦͙̟̜̟̫̹̟̲͔͈̤͇̀̓̓͆̔̉̈́̌͂̍̿̈́̂̿̂̓̑͂̀̿͒̐͐̀̅̊́͐̎̾̌̇̓͐̔̆͛̓̏͛̔̐̃͛͂͑̃̈́̈́͆̊̋̏̇̔̽̏̃̽͐͋̎͐̐̔̎̒̊̑͒̓̒̔̄͋̎͑̊͋̈̊͆̓̂͆̿̃̆͛͂̒̐̐̿̔̄̿̄͊̋́͐̌̒̊̂̋̋̾͂̓̑̆̕͘͘̚͘͘̕̚̕̕͘̕͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠ͅͅͅͅͅͅä̵̡̢̨̧̨̨̨̨̧̢̡̨̧̛̛̛̠͖̣̫͉͈̻͉̝͈̦̯̖͙̻̮̼͙̦̲̙̗͈̣͖̱̣̲̘̟̗̯̜̻̺̲̣̯̖̮̺̮̤͈̫̝͇̜̖̮̦̘͓̮̟͇͙͚̞̮͓̤̦͈͉̦͎͎̬̤͍̜̙̟̣͇̬̠̰̫̪̫̜̻̖̹͇̣̗̺̤̬̦̰͙̝͍̯͉̘̦͚͉̦̭͍̦̱͙̜̗̱̙̥̯͇̲̣̭̖̳̱̙͎̩̪̰͕͔̗͖̝̬̖̹̱͇͙̝͉̤͙̲̩͔̜̯̏̍͛̇̈̈́̌̓̉̉͛͌͂̂̀̍͌̈́̈́̔̽̑̓͛́̉͛̑̉̓̑̆̑́́̒͂̊̂̍̎̂̌̽̇̽̀̉́̔͛͑̑̇̃̾̈͑̍͗͂̏̿̐̒̉͋͗͗̌̑̉̔̂̃͗̇̌̎̆̓͆͋͋̾͋̇͊̋̾̂̎̋̐̓̾͌̃̂̇͛̇̉̋̽͌̽̒̊̅̋͑̔̂̊̑̊̍̾̓͑́͛̀̍̔̀̅̒̓̆͐̒͂̏̇̌̈̃̐̀̏͐̿̅͊̈̒̎̌̾͒̔̂̿͊͊̉̀͛̓̕̚̕͘̚͘̚̚͘̕͘̕̕͘̚̕̕̚͘̚͘̕͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͝͝͠͠͝͝͝͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅą̴̧̧̧̢̢̧̨̡̨̨̨̢̨̧̡̡̧̨̡̡̧̨̢̡̡̢̛̣̮̙̲͉͓̮͔͈̱͇̯̬͇̜͉̹͓̞͔̩͉͉̬͈̥̜̲̯̘̳̞͓̟̠͈̩̼̻̪̜̱̪̥̥̝̜͈̰̩̬̞̖͈̫̝̝͈̝͈̯̥̟̦̜̳̜̲̞͓̙͎͇̦̺̮̰̥̰̬͎̤͖͖͈͕̭̯͇͎̟̪̠̫͓̫͓̼̝͙̼̗̩͕̻͔̥̬̝̫̖͕̜̬͖͉̞̥͙͉͍͔̳̰̖̝̦̬̻̭̣͔̳͚͍̩̗̝̼̩̗̲̱͙̮̻̱̖̩͙̦̜̜̰͖̝̞̩͉̪̖̣̮̪̳͈͍̗͖̰̺̱̫̔́̀͆̇̂͐̆͆͋̀̊͌̔̔̈̉͌̌̉̑̈́̔̄̍͛́̑́̏͑̀̑̎͗̆̿͐̽̿̉̿̂͒̓̍͒́̉̒͗̄̎͛̓̄̀̏͛͒̿͆̅͛͊̄̎̿͆̔̋̉͗͐̍͑͋̒̊͊̏̽̾̇̿̂̅̊̀͊̎͋͛̃̊̔̃͛͂͊́̂̐͑̂̅͋́̀̔̏̓͐͆̎̍̽́̎̊̅̔̉͌̆̉̍͑̑̔̏̊͆̽̿͑͗̊̀͂̕̕͘͘̕̕̕̕̕̚̚̕͘̕͘̕͜͜͠͝͠͝͝͝͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅ ̷̢̢̢̢͈̠͓͙͙̺̲͈̘̦̱̰̘̦͖̰͈͕̰̤̙̗̟̥̰͈͓̫̺͎̼̟̪͙͆͜ͅḑ̶̢̧̧̡̛̛̛̛̥̭̩̯̫̫̺͙̣͕̞̹͍̣̻̫̳̗̣͍̜͈͖͇̖͍͔̳̣̺͓͔̘̝̖͚̙̯̲̱͍̙̲͎̻͍̺̖͕͕͎̘͙̪̭̳̲̞̞̠̙̤̤̜̳̝̪̗̗̜̮̳̜̙͍͉̥̝̰̹̰̪̰͚̜̺̠͚̣̟̪̬͙͓̼̼̰̯̮̭̘̪̖͉̹̙̙͚̦̩͍̲̲̘̇̆̔̑̑͂͑̌͊͗̍͛̏̈́̋̌̓͑̐̽̍̃̈́͊́̈́̈́̍̈́̉̂̀̾̊͗͊̍̉͂́̈̓̏̈̎͗͂͗̌͒̔͆͋͂͊̾̊̈̒̌̌͊͐̃̆̃̐̃̐͆̿͒̄̓͒̈̔́̆̃͊̓̉͐͌̒̑̓̋̄̒̒͋̂̐̃̾͊̌͂͐̒͑̔̾̌͌̿̐̄̋̾͛̇͛̂̏̒̋̍̐̍̑̿̃̄̆́͊̾́̾́̆̾̒͊̒̏̋͌̊̽̉̔̔̍̈̾͒̓̂͆̑̒͒͂͊̓͐̑̍͗̈̀̉̅̌̐̃̚̕̚̕̕̚̚͘͘̕̕̚͘̕͘̚͘̚̚̕̚̚̚̕̕͜͠͝͝͠͠͠͝͝͝͝͠͝͠͝͝͝ͅͅͅḑ̶̧̧̡̢̨̨̡̨̧̡̨̨̨̨̧̧̢̢̧̧̡̧̨̡̢̢̛̯̻̻̤̮̥̞̰͈̜̖͔͚͙̠̮̣̝̝̖̜̱̥͖̻͍͖͕̰͚̼̜̝͇͉̣̞̮̠̣̯̜̩̤̭̘̖͈͇̤͙͖̮͚͈͈͎̻͚̙͙͇̫̯͈̙͉̭̗͇͈̬͍̬̺̝̤͈̰̝͈͖̙̼̲̖͕͙̼͈̦̝̫̟̖̻͍͔͕͓͔͇̰̘͚̫̹͉̪̺͍͚͖͚͙̳͓̬̭̬͚̘̮͈̫̯̯̜͍̫̗̦̣͕̝̯̯͍̰̳̝̟͖̞̮͕̭̰̺͉͓̳̲͉͍̣̩̤̼̟̩͖͙͖̮͇̥̤͍̞̬͈̯̺̞̘̼͖͖̻̼̞̠̤̠͚̣͈̤̤̜̮͍̦̝̳̰̫̫̥̙̥͓̎̃́͂̄̐̄͑̅͑̃̾̎͋͂̀̊͋̿̋̊̾̀̅̃̓̉̅̓̀̒̀̌̐̀̓͆̓͐́̇͛̇̂̈́̀̉͆̔̐̑͂͗͐̋̔̿̏͆̒̌̿̇͐͋̄͆̾̾͒̌̏͂͐́̉̂̊̑̾͆̅̃́͒͌̐̔̅̌́̊́̽̽͆̃͗̆͗̋̎̌͌̌̽̐̽͒͐͆͊͂̏͆̂̔̒̍̃̌̃̊̊̈͗̉͐̋͑̀̂́̏̐̄̏̾̂̈͊̊͒͛̔͊̐̇̅̏̄͊̚̕̕̚̚̚̚̕͘̚̚̕͘̚͘͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͠͠͠͝͝͝͠͝͝͠͠͝͠͝͝͝͠͝ͅͅͅͅͅ ̶̨̢̡̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̩̩͓̺̬̘̜̯͉̠̰̼̙̤̝̣͉͎̗̤̭͈̦̪̇̉͛̌͛̄͑̊͐͌̍̔̈́͌̈́̿̽̓̀̈́͌̐͐̊̽̽̈́̀̀̑̎̽͛̓͐̈̌̓̊͛͛͊͛̐͂̄͐̄̆̆̓̆̏̂̎̐̌̑̄̃͌̽̄̒͗̋̂͛̅̇̃̒͑͒̍̆͑̏̏̀͑́͆͊̃̾͋̈͑͋̿͌́̒̌̂̇̔͗̉͆̈͐̄̏̿̌͛͛͌͗͆̽͊͒͒̉͛͑̎̍̿͌͋͂͊͒̄̑͗̈̑̓̒͆̅͆͐̒̅̎͐̍̆͗͆̿͐̐̆̃͂͛̉̎̿̃͛̎̂͂̆̋̋̓͆̌̽̏̂͂̾̽̍͑͌͋̇̑̇̂̅̈̂͂̓̌̐̃͛͆̂͆̅͆̏͆͛͒̕͘̕̚̚̚̕̕͘̕͘̚͘̚̚͘͘͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͠ŗ̸̡̨̢̨̧̛̫̤͎̭̯̻̞̦̲͇̭̠̫͓̝͙̜̖̟̜̤͓͇̱̞̙̬̤̩̥̗̫͇̝̬͙͈̺̹̞̯̦͇̻͙̖̗̺̟͕̠͖͉̙̳̥̭̙̮͚̪̼̦̪͇̞̗̗͔͎̙͉̬͈͉͈̈́͐̓͛̃̒̄̇̈́̎̎͛̀̅͋̿͆̿͋̎̋̓̍͗̎̈́̍̀͛̇͌̍̈́̃͘̚̕̕̚̚͜͜͝͝͝͝ͅͅͅ8̶̢̢̧̡̧̨̨̨̨̨̢̡̢̨̢̡̡̢̡̢̨̢̢̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̠͓̲̹̮͙̻̟͍̗̣̬̜͕̩̠͎̞̹̺͚̻̲̙̼̞̟̬͉̜̮̼͔̘͇̱͚̰̪̳͎̱̫̙̫͚̞̻͙̯̩̖̼̙̜̙̪̠̟̹̝̤̻͕̰̭̼͖̲͍͙̞̪͉̫̘͎̗̯̻̼̺̩̳̲͔̗̯̥̪̰̫̘̖͉̞͙͇̞͈͎̫͇͉̣̭̖̟̤̣̮̱̳̟̹̤̪̻̜͇̥͎̩̱̲̖̼̰͔͍̹̱̰̼͓͚̦̠̮̠̳̝͍̮̘̝͖̪̩̘̳͎͓͓̖̪̹̣̭̬̼͉͔̣̞̫̘̹̖̬̲͉͉͇͔̭̗̙̜͇̫̮̗̳̬̩̥̜̞͎̰̫̗̜͔̞̞̭̣͚͓̰͎̬͙̭̺̩̯̻͇͚̲̦̙͓͉͙̗̫̞̫͍͓̭͇͔̯̯̬͕̝͒̇̍͗̀̔̆̂̈͑̅̉͋̀̌͑͐̒̏̈́̐̏̀͒̉̈̈̓̓̆̑̃̍͑̅̅̐͆̄͌͊̔̈́̇̈́̌̃͐̀̂̋̾̆̋̏̉͌́̊̀̉͑̎̉̒̒̔̓̍̏͊̄̇͂̒͆̇̏͆̽̊͗̆͒̅̉̀͋̒̆͋̍̿̄̒͂͆͛̆́̾̌́̆͌̊͐̀̾̈͑̀̋̾̌̇̇̽̓̎̌̋̌͑̈͌̔̊̔̆̏͐̃̈̀̃̿͒̾͋͌́́̇̈̿̍̌̉̆͌̋̑̋̆͌̀̂̇͌̎̒̃̉̾̾̍͒̊̓͑̀̋͊̎̀̒̍̆̑͊̀̍̿͋͛͑̀̃̅̏̾̒̐̒̾̂̏͊̃̍̒̚̕̚̚̕͘͘̚͘̚͘̚͘͘͘͘̕͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͠͝͝͠͝͝͝͠͠͝͝͝͝͠͠ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅ8̷̨̨̡̢̧̨̧̢̨̡̢̧̢̡̨̧̡̡̢̢̧̡̛̛̛̛̹͕͚͓̯͚̙͓̫͙̮̪͕̯͍̼̱̫̘̬͉̥̠̻͍̰͙̞̻̬̻̹̜̣̯̣̳̠̱̝̠͔̤͉̞͕̭͍͙͉͕̲͎͍̜̝̱̭͎̳̤̭̰̪̗̬̠̭̦̪̺͙̣̯̦͕̩̮̞̻͔̮͚̤͚̣̖͓̝͉͕̜͈̟̮̮̬͇̫͉̫̠͈̩̗͔̺͖̹͖͙͙͍̫̙̰̪̪̲̼̹̘̝̲̖̰̪̬̰͇͈̼̠̫̼̫̺̯͈͇͖͈̤̠͕̩̭̟͓̠͓͚̟̈́̎̒̈́̎̎̅̌̋̇͐̑̾̃͐̽́̓̆̈́̔̋͌̔́́̎̌͊͐̃̈́͐̓̓̽̾́̓̎̋͂̎̉͋̐̀̇̔̽͒̿̂͒̀̾͆̔̿̾̂̒͛̈̐͂̅͑̆͋̂̅̔̂͆̃͌̍͌̀̽͒͋̾̍͒̂̐̊̑̑͗̿͛̆̒̑̍͊͘͘͘͘̚̕͘̕͘̚̚͘͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͠͠͝͝͠͠ͅͅͅͅͅͅ ̶̡̛̦̝̙̼̦̩̗͈̙͖̦̭̣̣͙̺̩̘̬̰̠̗̹͓͚̻̝͔̣̼̯̬͉͇̔̋͂̓̇̒̆́̈͛̑̉̇̌͐̿̓͂̋̊̐̀̑̂̈́̈́͝ͅ8̵̨̧̢̡̧̡̢̨̧̧̨̡̧̛̛͓̘̩̱̳̬͇͚̘̲͖̼̗̝͔͎̱̦̜͈̬̩̠̝̲̺̝̪̭̗͇̣̦͙̫̝̳̘̼̤͕̠̟̬̣̣̥͔̠̘̣̺̱͖͉̠̬̪̝͈͔̦͕̗̗̻̭͙̻̤͎̮͍͈̘̤̞̝͖̟̟̪̩͍̯̩̖̖͖͍̠͎̯̭͎̱̜̻̪̦̺̥̹̪͇̼̳̤͉̊͐̆̾̉̓̏̍̇̉̓͗́͋̿͛̓̔͐̀̓̌́͂̉̏̋͑͆̇̈́̑͆̀̓̒̽́̽͒͊̏̓̑̈̉̍̊̆́̄̋̃̂̐̒͂͊̏̽̒̀̈̐͊̅́̌̎̍̂̑͊͊̈̐́̍̃̈͊̓̍̂̅̂̎̒̊̄͒̅̐̐̂̇͑͒͛̐̎͑͛̏͊̾͊̎̔̽̄̌̽̂̿̔͆̔̉͋̃̉͗͂̆͂̀̑̌̓̍̇̔̽̂̂́̏͘̕̚̕͘̚̚͘͘͘̕͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͠͠͠͝͠͝͝͝ͅṯ̶̨̧̢̧̢̢̧̡̢̧̡̧̧̢̢̢̛̛̛̛͍͉̖͓̗̖̤̙͚̟̱͔͉̺̥͍̬̯̤̻̠̙͍̹̱͕̩̲͙̗̻͇͇̲͔͍̪͚̬̗͍͓̦͖̼̙̱̪̮͈̼͕̣̫̰̞̰̙̤̲͉̫̮̪̯̖̺͕̩̬̖̠̞͓̠̹̣͕̳͎͎̥̖͉͙̱͎͈̥̤͉͙̥̮̳̘̯̺̙̭̖̲̳͙̙̤̗̙̦̭̫̝̝͇͚̜̭̻̰͎̹̮͚̞̫̙͙͎̩̖͖̼̹̠͓̝̦͓̙͍͕͎̱̞͉̝͍̪͕̭̤̙̋̊̏́͌͐͑͂̉̓̑̾̈́̽́̂͗̒̔̈̉͆̅̿̓͆͒̆̉̿̈́̆͗̇̽̐̇͗̔̎́̆͆̉͂͒͂̾͋͐̆̀͋̉̀͂̂̿̑̄͑̔̈̄͑̆͂̇̏̔̆͗͑̐̍̌̄̆̀̋͊̽͊̉̐́̋̏̾͆̒́̓̏͋͂͑̃̌́̏͐̀͑̇̄̑̋͒͛̋̈͑̋̇͋͑̈̔̒͗͆̃͐̿̈̾̃͊̂̐̔̔̇̽͛̎̈̀̑̌̏͗̾̊̿̔͊̀̌̓̀͋̒͊͒͆̿̒̑̇̓͑̔̿̽̓̓͒́̾̀̊͊̎͊̔̇͗͘̕͘̕̕̕̚̚͘̚̚̕̚͘͜͜͜͠͝͝͠͠͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͠͝͝͠͠͠͝͝͠͝͠͝ͅͅͅͅg̷̡̡̧̨̡̧̛̛̛̛̛͈̘̰͈̘̹̖̳͔̖̗̩͔̺̥̦͚̰͙̥̱̠̱̠̻̗͓̙̭̥̪̹̞̜̥͉̮̼̰̫̻̗͇̰͚͖̜͕͎̝͇̮̪͍̰͚͙̮̜͚͎̫̰͕̩͔̮͎̠͚̥̱̩̝̞̼̙͓̻̲̯̯̗̪̤͇̬̼̀͒̈́̄̊̈́̈́̏̎̈́̿̓́͑͗̿̋̈́̌̀̉͒̓̽̌͆̿͛͗́̿͛́̔̂͊̃͒̑̀̈́͌̀͆̓͆́͆̐̍̇̉́̄͐̆͊̆̑̊͐̅̋͐̋́̾̈̆͐̓̒͌̐͊̂͑̀̒̿̋̆͑̏̊̏͂̄̈̐͊̊̿͗́͆͒̃̓̂̐̒̉̃͑̏̃͐́̊͂̾͐̚̚͘̕̚̚̕̚͠͝͝͝͝͝ų̶̢̧̢̨̢̧̢̨̢̡̢̧̧̡̨̡̢̢̧̡̧̡̡̡̨̨̡̨̛̛̛̛̛͓̮̝͎̦̪̣̙̜͍͍̬̖͎̝̝̠͚̥̘̬̥̜̠̰̝̥̣͙̹̻͔͍̠̘̙̼̭̞͕͕̼̼̲̦͖͖̯̰̯͕͖̜̠͔̗̟̯̹̫͓͕̰̪̩̤͉̘̭͔̭̯̯̝̠̲̹̠̩͕̖̗̭̯̮͍̙̰͔̻͚̹̦̹̻͙̞̱̙̫̻̙̗̟͎̟̘͉̟̺̘͓͈̫͇͓̲̝̳͍̻͖͍͓͉̖͚̥̲͕̮͓̩͙̠̝̭̫͚̼̥̩̖̜̯͕̣̱̠̮͈̩͎̦̪̩̫̜̦̞͖̜͇͚̺͔̙̪̦̪̹̯̻͔͙̫̯̭̟̠͉̭̥͙̫̪̼͔̹̯̮̗͔̥̤̭̰̻͈̭͖̠͕̗͖̰͖̙̘̗̖̞̲̤͊̑̈́̊͒̏͆́̆͌̀̌̔̒̌͒̓̒̑̌̈̋̀̅͗͗̋̀̽̏͐̑̏͋̾̋̑̀̇͊́͗̈̊̒̀̂̈̇͐̽̈́̔̾̅̃̌́̆͋̋̈̿̈̐͌̎͗̌́͂͒̉̔̈͐̿̓͊͊̀̃̔̾̾̍̆̂̈͒͂͆̍̑͋̿̀̏̿̌͌̐̾̊̽̂͒̔̍̍͑̑̇̉͗͌́̌̑̆̍̐͛͂͒̈̽̔̄͂̋̉́̽̓͆̍̏̇́̌̇̒̈͒͂͗͒̾͒̃̀̑̀̋̈̓̏͆̄̏̿͋̓̀̅̊̉͌͒͊̃͑̆̐͑̒̔̒͒̾̿̚͘̕͘͘͘̚͘͘̕͘̕̕͘̚̚͘͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͠͠͠͝͝͝͝͝͠͠ͅͅͅͅͅg̷̢̨̡̢̡̢̡̡̨̡̨̨̨̡̨̢̡̧̧̢̧̡̨̡̝͚̥̪̯̩̰̩͔͕̥̩̞̟̺̥̜̙̹͇̦̩͔̖͕͕̳̗̩͕̣͉̞̻͓̙̠̣͚̬͚͈̝͖̣̼̣̤͓͕̱̣̠̣̹̗̘̦̖̪̠̘̞̼̹̻̦̺̟̘̜̹̯͚͖̗͎̤͎͈̠̬͕̲̲̜̙̻̫͕̻̩̻̬̭̜͔͈̫͍̯̮̻̖̻̤͉̜̹͎͇̠̦͚̻͍͙̯̜͎̱̖̮̟̱͖͚̺̱̹̱̪̬͈͇͉̮̙̹͎̗̮̲̟̜͖̬̤̙͕̹̩̺̦͈̤̼̟̻̗͙͎̲̦̲̖̤̘̹͙͙̙̭̻͉̱̠̗̺̮͚̬͙̙̽̇̓̎͑̀̉̈́̾̂̒̄̓̆̀̿̏̈́̒͊̎͋͗̄͒̽̾̌̿̍̓̑͆͊̽̃̔̌̊̿̊̅̔̈́͆͐͌̽͘̕͘̚͜͜͜͠͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅa̶̧̧̧̡̢̢̨̡̡̡̨̢̢̨̧̨̢̡̢̢̨̡̢̡̨̨̡̨̨̧̨̛̛̪̬̮̤͖̞̟̲̟̱̞̘̺̞̖̭̰̜̱̲̠̠͍̦̩̰̫͍̗̹͇̪̻̳̙̮̥̖̥̪̦̥͈̝̤̪̲̹̰̲̤̲̪̺͚͓̞̤͖̮͈̫̫̞͖͔̼̙̪͓͈̞͚̠̦̳̬͎̱͕͚̬̞͚̼̱͙̪͙̩͉̼͎͎̭̺̫͓͖̤̝̪͙͎͙̪͓̳̤͙̙͕͎̗̹͇̥̰̥̭̳̟̩͎̬͕̺̝̳͖̙̟͙̻̥̳͙̬͙͖̰̞̞͍̯̘̳̖̹̙̹͕̪̯̫͎̞̘̗̗̯̜̦̜̘̭̪̦̱̰͎̮̬̦̬̘̭̹͇̳͉̬̻͈̹͉̪͇͖̪̹̹͍̪̤̻͍͎̩͉͕̦̤̪̮͈͇̠͔̠͎̪̰̜͇͚̠̜̱̘̗̭̥̹͈̗̮̝̖̰̤̻͙̯̘͔̠͎̘̟͈̼̪̮̯͚̫͂̆͒̏͆́̈́̀̈́͑̀̈̑́̀͐̽̈̔͗̔͂͆͌̌̌̐̊̾̄́̉͌̈́̀͊̿̀͆̈͛́̀́̉̒̈́͊́̂̄͂̽͗́̃̎̄̃͆̄̉͗͛͋̏̑̔̍͊͋͊͂̽͘͘̚͘͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͠͝͝͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅạ̶̧̨̡̡̨̨̨̨̢̡̨̡̨̢̡̢̡̨̧̡̡̨̨̧̧̧̢̛̛̛̛̛̛̩͙͈̼̣͉̤̦͉̺̖̯̦̤͕͎̪͍̲͍̼͇̼̪̰͖͚̙̦̠͎̠̞͈͕̜̹̘̱̲̦͕͇̠̼͙̦̣̼̳̼̘̻͍͍̥̦̳̝̣̖͈͚̖̼̻̘͕̻̗͓̟̹͇͙͔̜̮̰͍͔̘͙̟͕͓̺̳̯̭̗̬̗͔̫̪̼̩̟͍̱͇̤̥͉̯̦̪̠̠̪͚̝̞̠͇͙̫̤̥͉̮̙̹̻͚̫̥̼̘̗̬̳͖̯̳͕̩̪͚̗͙̙̻͖͔͓͖̹͖̼̯̟͉̜̬͈̻̝̺̟̳̣̠̜͔̺͇͎͎̱͈̖̹̥̯̜͕͓͕̟̖͈̣̞͈̜̹͎̼̘͔̲̖͇̦̼͉̜̘̺̻̙͓̣̯̜͔͔̮̘͈͔̤̺̻̥͎̰͍̟̰̜̳̦̹͙͕̼̼̩̠̫͎̺͙̬̯̰͉̞̬̫̠͍̥̩̯͚̳͑̉̿̈́͂̑̐͛͋̓̐̓͋̎̿́̾̈́͂̈́̈̽̅̋͆͆̄̀̀͆͐̿͒̇͐̀͆̔̀̿̿̿̅̈̓̈́̃́͋̉̿̆̎͒̓͑̃͌̂̐́͋̌̇͊̐̆̋̎̌̍̄̑̌̿͌̾̅̑̐̊̓́̐͗̾́̾̿̔͂̔̈̽̐̃̂̿͌̎̎̇̽̍͂̆̇̅̂̽̉̆̎͊͑̑̂͗̑̾̋̂̆͒͐̐͗̄̄̍̿͑͌̓̒͌̀̽̋͋̄͊̇͋̎̆͛̊̎̔̎͋̃̂̂̒̎̓̎̈̀̐͛̃̔͒̏̈̃̃̔̏͊̋̾̉̃̋̆̕̚͘̕̚͘͘͘̕͘͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͠͝͝͠͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅ ̶̛̛̛̛̛̛̘̼̩̳̈̀̿̋̒̀̆͊͌̐͛͑̈́́͑̎͛̉̅̅̑̌̈́͌̀͂͊͊̈̅͑̿͂͂̎̈́̆̿͆̽̄͗̊̋̇̔͐̓̏̔̋͛͂̂̂̒̐̌̉̋͌̌̽̂̆͛̈̋͑̑͌̔͛̎̒͆͗̂̿̓̿̄͂̀̇̌̂͛͆̓͐̽̎̃̈̐́̿̇͊̅̍̋̌̎̈̏̿̊́̈͒̐̿̎͐͊̀́̇̄̑́͒̃̌̿̂͂͐̊̓̿̉͋̊́͛͂̔͗̋͋̅͋̅̏̉̊̈͐̎̇̅̏͑̅̉͒̃̆̓̐̇̂͂̐̅́̍̔̍̋͐̌͒̂̅̋̐̐͗̐̆͐̽̒̿͐̓͛͘̚͘̚͘̕̚̕̚̕͘̕̕͘͝͝͝͠͝͝͠͠͝͠͝͠͠͠͝͝ḑ̶̡̢̡̨̨̢̧̨̧̨̡̧̢̧̧̡̡̧̨̛̛̛̛͖̫̱̝̺͙̭͔̰̭̠͉̜̭̯̤͚̩̰̗̮̭͕̘̫̫̦͙̮͉̬̣͇̟̬͕͚͇̳̠̲̪̼̳͎̘̗͎̩̦̫̜̹̖̞̩̺͚͉͔̞͇̝͚̜͇͉̦̹̟̳̱͎̙̖̤̹͔͈͍͕̙̞̻̝̟̬̺̝͚̖̩̦̤̪̖̦̹͚̟̣͓̜̖̟̬̻̜̤̖͉̖͖̱̙͍͓̗̯͎̦͕͉̼͙̦͎̭̪̪̞͇̭̯̬͇̞̘̺͇̟̮̗̥̮̝̬̹̟͍̯̰̬͔̦̩̺͉͉̬̝̗̹̺̘̥̖͉̝͎̮̲̗̹͈̓̊̽̅̈̉̊́͊͆̎̊͋̀͐́̓̂̏͊̆͒͌̄̓̔̊̐̎̃͊̈́̏̈́͐́̇̇͋́̀̑̾̽̃̄̑̌͌͑̄̅̑̍́͊͌̽̉̾̆͂̿̾̆̒̃͗͆̍͑͂͗̽͛̌͌͗̒͋̃̓͆͑͐͗͌͗͊͊͊͐͋̆̋̾͊̑̆̏̊͌̄͒͋̓͆͒̏̐͒̍͊͐͛̑̇͛͂̌͛̃̉̋̎́̆́͆͆̌̒̏͋̽͋̿̈̅̐̐̉̉̏͗̽̍̅̋̽̆̌̒̓̃͒̿̈͌̇̔͆̇͊̂̏͌͊̅̍̇̚̚̕͘̚͘̕͘̕͘̚͘͜͜͜͝͝͝͠͝͝͠͠͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅd̶̡̧̡̧̡̨̢̨̢̨̢̡̨̧̨̡̢̧̛̛̛̗̺̱̫̣͖̗̮͉͙͈͈͇͎̩̥̰͓͖͇͖̠̙̩̭̫̦̲̩̬̮̮͙̝̰̞̣̮̥̫̻̠͓͇͈̱͓̫͎̗͚̺͓̮̳̬̹͚̙͕͍̭̩͉͈̹͖̯̬̪̟͚͉̥̺̤̺̤̬͕̦͖̜̯̦̰̗̝̥͎̙̤̯͕͖̞̣͉̟̱͕͈͕̩̥̗̙̤̼̹̹͈̦͈̤̮̬̥̩̥̞̯̱̙̣̰̤̜̺͓̭̭̫̮̣̹̬̠̖̘̜̬͚̮̙̘̦͈̯͙͕͙̹̖͍͎̪̫̮̭̩̥̙̼͕͓̻͎̘̹͕̲͙͕̗̟̲͚͓͙̤̯͎͖̠͉̹͚̭͇̫̫̻̤̠͈̗̣̮̠̩͎̙̥͎́̔̿͌̑̀͛̓̔̆͋͐̓̐̈̊̌͋͋͗͂́̅͑͗͋̿͂̂͐͌͆̑̈́̃́̒̓́͋̂̋̀̓́̈͂̈̀̈́̂̓̿̀͋̏̾̋̓̔̽̌̔̏͛̿͑̀̆̂̇̋͒̌̽̇̉͌̑̾͒̄̎͑̊̌͗̏̏̎̆́͑͒̄̇̇̊̆̉̉̍͛̓̇̋̎̽̐̅̒͐̐͆̿͒̆̎̾̏͆͐́͌͗̂̊́͌̏̋͋̌͑̅̌̽̎͗̀͛̇͒̉̊̋͒̏̓̓̄͑̎̉̂͊̊̈́̽̄̐̎̋̋͂̒̎̍̓̂̑͗̕̚̕̚͘͘̕͘͘͜͜͜͜͝͝͠͠͠͝͠͝͠͝͠͠͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅ ̷̧̡̨̡̧̡̧̢̡̡̡̢̡̛̛̲̱̩̤̮̗̹͔͉̘̫̣̭̺̺̟͍̫͕̰̟̺͓͇̖̩̳̭̠̞̦̖͈̣͔̯̯̞̦̝̹̜͉̩̻̮̙̪͈̼̤̞̦̗̹̝͉̭͎͙̬͕͖̙̘̲̦̖͙̭͔̟͉̮̤͉̥̬̝͈̭̙͉̝̈͊͊̇͗͑̑̿̄̿́͌͂͒̈́͆̉̀͐̔̈́̆͆͑̔́̌̉͊͒̓̀͌̈͐͌͗̊̏̓̂̔͊̇̒̉͑̾̐̽͐̇͊͂̒̍͊̏̌͘̕͘̕͜͜͝͝͝͝͠ͅr̸̢̧̡̧̨̡̢̡̨̡̢̡̧̨̡̢̨̨̛̛̛̛̛̯̼͉̫̪̭̠̖͕̳͕͉̳̗͕̹͙̣̳͎̤͎͕̪̤̖̲̦̞̜͍͓̣̫̥̳͖̻̱͈͔͔͈͔̝̰̱̪̦͉̦̭̥̣̜̠̝͉̝͈̠̖̦̲͍͈͍̱̮̞̠̜͈̻̤̟͇̲͔͕̜̘͇̟͔͕̥̻̗̬̪̙̤͓̣̯͖͉̭̭͔̱̻͙̮̻̲͔̗̦͉͉̱̰͇͎̱̟̹̦͎̱͚͎̟̪͎̜̱̗̳̠͓͚̭̦̜̣̣̮̠̜̜͙̯͓̝̦̥̙͉̣̪͔͇͙̤͕̭͓̯͔̙̝̗̥̻͔͔͍̤̞̬̹͈̖͇͔͉̰̲͓̫̹̫̗̠̙͈̥͉̤̟̗̫̖̗͉͔̱͍̝̤̠̩̞̻̞̅͆͊̽͂̓̄̂̎̾͂̑̐̈́̄̍̓̇̒̃̀̈͐͌̈́͊̅̿̀̀̑̋̄̄̄͐̈́́͐̀̈́̉̉̐͛̑͊̿̌̈̍̐̓͊̍̄̽̌̔̋͛̀̇͒͌̌͛̋͒͗́̐̒͊͗̈͌͒͌̊̋̅̎̍̀́̔͊̓͑͗̐̃͑͗̅̋̂̌̄͑̃́̏̉̇̃͊̄͆̍͗͐̒̌͛̃̃̈̎̍̍̇͛̉̃͛̐͑̐͋͂̈̎͆͛͌͊̋̂̎̋̑̾̒́͛̇̕̕̕͘̚̚͘̕̚̕̕͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͠͝͝͝͝͠͠͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅ8̵̡̢̡̡̧̨̧̨̧̨̨̡̢̢̧̡̨̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̫̭̭̳͇̥̤͍̤̪͉̣̞̯̙̦̼̖̟͈̦͖̟̦̖̹̳̳̹̝̜͎͇̭͍̝̣̘͇͙̻̺̜͖͇͙̤͎̮̩̦̼͎͍̻̩̝̺͍͓̲̠͖͙͚̪͖͓̝̝̜̣̣̝͍̬̰̠͍̘̥̳͇̙͍̖͉̖̙͓̬̖̟͇̭̪͚̬͇̗̟̫̠͈̖̦̩̥̖̮͎͈̻̱̭͔̹̘͙̼͙̩͕̜̣͎̼̤͈̰̖̳̘̝̭̩̗̳̦̹̭̮̦̭̮̱͍͙̳̭̬̤̙͔̫͍̞̪̤̱̰̜̰̫͙͚̲͕̰̺̯̯̦͓̝̣͚̳̳̺̳͙̺̭͖̫̱̞͉̻̜̘̺̜̩͙̥̹͉͎͈̪̖͍̩͓͕̗̮̭͓͍̟͓͖̥̭̦͙͉͈͍͚͓̤̰̪̺̝͉̪̣͎̬͉̪͓̙̘̱͕̻͈͓͎̺̰́͒̍̎̅͗̎̐̾̓̐̔̊̍̓̐͑̾̈́͊̈́͒̈́͗͆̿̾͗̂̓́́̓̓̑̔̊͋̽̿̏̌͆͛̇̽̒̓̆̑̀̍͒́̌̎͌͂̉́́͂̋̅͑͑̍̐͆͑̓͑͑̋̍̓̋͛̑̌͂̓̆͗͛̔͋͂̀̈̅͊̆̎͐͊̔̽̊̅̊̽̏̐̀̏͌̏̆̕̚̕̚̚̕͘͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͠͝͠͠͝͝͠ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅ8̶̡̛̛͍̞̬̥̲̪͖̱̘̮͇̅̽͗̒̌̉̏̓̑̃̌̎̈́̎̂͌̔͂̽̇̔͆̈́͑̈́̈̇̽͑̉̑̐̓̃̓̽̎̽͑͐́̀̆̀̉̈́̅̑̒͋͊̈́̅̌̅̽̀̑͆͒̅͋̂̉̒̃̄̄͒͒̉̅́͛͌̇̅͒̉̕̚͠͠ ̵̢̡̡̧̧̡̢̧̢̡̡̧̢̢̧̢̡̛̜͕̻͔̦̣͕̦̣̱̲̯͓͖̹͓̠͖̜͉͈̤̯̻͉͇̘̜̣̤̣̺̳̺̙̙̟̤̣̺̭̭͉͍͔͇̯̬̯͔͈̼͍̤̮̲͍̟͖̟̝̟͎͎̘͖̳̠̹̖̞̩̠̖̙̰̖̣̞̰̲̱̟̭̗̫͇̮̗̬͕̻̪̯̗̯͙̠̘͍̼̳̪͔͙̲̮̣̘̘̜̗̭͓͓̗͈̺͙͓͍̱̗͔̹̪̝̤̪̯̯̻̬̪̣͍̫̟̜̼͉̯͖̻̪̼̳͈̘̭͕̰͖̖̻̥̬̭̤̭̘̫̺̟̻͖̮̠̟̥͍͔̱̗̲͎̜͉̻̹̺͚͖̣͖̠̻̲̉̇̅͂͗̐̂̂̚͘͜͜͜͜͜͠ͅͅͅ8̷̢̨̧̡̨̧̡̨̧̧̡̢̨̧̢̨̢̢̨̡̧̢̡̡̨̛̛̛̛̛̛͎̫̱̣͇̙̺̲͔͚̺̭͕̮͉̟̱̮̱̣͕̙̜̭͉̗̬̹̜̰̣̲͕͍͕͇̺̯͓̮̯͓͎̟̬͚̳̺͔̞̥̻͕͖̟̟͚͓̫͙̦̭̬͇̲̪̼̹̼̫̩͍̹͚͚̰̙͎͉̼̞͔̦͙͍̜̖͙͍̝̫͕̠̹̪̲͙̭͔͉̠͇͍̝͙̳͈̖̠͕͕͖̲̭̰̜̹̯͎̲̙̻̰͇̞̭̘͉̘͍̦͚̭̲͖̜̙̲̱̘͎̲̥͍̝̣̪̻̮̲̲͔̻̮̰͕̠͚̳̜̭̫̥̦͉͔͔͉̱̬̥̝̣̳̲͇͕̼̳̯̗̺͓̣͇̣͓͖̬͉̯̜͖͚̼̥̭͉̪̱͙̬͎̻̫̬̹̝̣̣͖̲̣͚̜̰͙͇͔̹̣͓͍̦̝̭͍͇̣̜̜̞̪͕̝̲͉̟̹͙̫̽̌̈́̃̀̈́̈̒̿́̅̅̇̐͋͊̍̓̈́̃͛͌̓͊̎͐̾͂͛̊͒̾͑͂̈́̓̑̈́̅̐̉̎̎͆̔͗̈̉̐͐͑̒̽̐̂̔̇̐͆̽̓͛̄̃̏̾̓͌̉͂̃̓͗̐͑̇̓́͛͗̐̌͌̓̑̃̑͂͆̀͋̿͐̂͛̽͐͛͗͌̃̎̏̅͑̈̆̐͑͒͑̾̃̃̑̅̾̎̇̍͆͗͆̓̽̀͋̍͋̀͂̂̏͐̊͆̀̐̿̾̿̍͗̾̈̐̐̀͐͑̌̄͗̊́̾͊̎͋͘͘̚͘̚͘̚͘͘͘͘͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅt̵̨̧̧̧̨̨̢̨̧̡̡̡̧̢̨̢̨̧̡̛̲̳͈̼̦̺͕̺͎̪̙̘͍͖͙̤̞̝̝̰̲̗̖͓͚͔̝͍̭̰̞̼̬̦̲̫̜̬͖͈̱͉̭̝͇̰̱̤̖̜̰͕̗̠͕̯̗̥̣̜̥̝̝͇̪̜̞͉̪̻͕̹̞͉̟̥̥̞̦̥̤͎͙̦͓̦̞̼̥͎͎̗̖̥̺̳̣̯̰̺̮͑̏̒̐̿͒̔̀̏͑̌̔̀́̾͒̊̿̎̓̄̍͒̌̄̕͜͜͜͠͠͝͝ͅͅͅͅg̶̡̢̢̡̨̡̢̡̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̥͇̦͉̼̣͙͍̜͈͎̜̺̩̘̹͎̭͉̪͍̦̠͕̼̻͓̹̙̳͍̥͕̝̟̱̺̻̤̥̖̩̮͕̰͎͈̹͕̰͉̣͙̗͕͍̞̩͔̩̠̮̮̻̱̠̝̙̭̜̳͙͍̥̼̜͉͙̣̼̘̣͔̫̱͇̪̯͍̩̘͙̞͓͎͎͕̺̮̳̰̦̯̘̓̏̉̎͆́̆̔̿̒́̾̈́̃͆̐̌̂̊́͒̈́̀̀̂́͒́̇̒͋͆͗͐̈͐̽̌̃̂̈́͊͊̑͂̂̓͛̋̂̏̏̓̀̇̇̄̉̋̔͂̏̋͗̑̔͐̅̅͐̋̉̆̊̍̑̔̃̇͐̎̐͐̍̃̑̾̏͗̏̿͌͌̔͒̒̒̇͂̎͆̀͊͒̃̐̋̍͆̽̒͊̑́̉̽͂̋̐̎͒̍́̾̾͒̋͆̅͗̃̆͋͒̈̏̑̆͋̀̓̋̒̿̂́̊̑̉̆̐̊̂̂̍̉̾̂̑͑̐͋̅̿̆͆̾͗͂̂̊̑̈̏̄̀̉͊̂̃̅̏̑͐̚̚̕͘̕̚͘̚̕̚͘͘̚̚̚͘͜͜͜͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͠͝͠͠͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝ͅư̴̢̛̳͓̫̟̝̤̖͇̮̼̼̹͖̗͉̙̯͚̟̯̖̺̗̣͔̳̣̻̩̹͖͉̥̰͈̘̘̳͈̳̳̤̬̣͎͈̦͉̮̻͙͚̫̙̟̥̘̪̩̦̰̫̠̙̩̯͔̜̞̆̇̑͒̾̈́̈̒̔̊̄́̾̈̋̇͆̀͊̉͗͆̄͒̐̀͆̎̒̓̌̓́́̌̊̈̀̈́͂͛̂̒́̃̒̎̆̆̆͌͒̒̽̔̒͛̍̌́̀̀̑̔͆̉͗͊̃̊̑͌̏͗̌̌̏͆̿̐̉͐͐̏̿̂̄̉͛͌̓̓̆̽̽̾̋̔͋̿̋̃͌̉̑̇̍̅̏̍̿͗͌̋͌̏͐͂͗̑̿͐͒̅͐̀͐͛͑͒̍̕̚̚͘͘̕̚̕͘͘͘̚͠͠͝͠͠͝͠͠ͅg̸̢̧̢̧̨̡̧̧̧̨̨̢̡̧̧̡̡̡̨̡̨̢̧̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̫̳̬̥̳̘̗̖̰̞̹̝̝̰̪͉͔͍͙̯̱͉̟̗͔̫͚̞̟͔̥͓̪͇͕͇̝̫̪͍̟̣̩̤̞̝̱͎̺̟͉̯̦̝̬̙͉͚͚̙̱̪̭̥͚̰̫̙̼̟͎̯͈̮͓̙̠͙͓̜͔̣͖͎͔͈̙̬̞͙̦͙̰̘͖̻̹̯͕̺͚̹̭͖͕̳̩̙̯̬͔̜̲̠̘͚̪̲̳̗͉̞̯̹̱̙̱̞̗̬̪͕͇̹̫̯̖͙͈̺͕͈̭̘̞̞̘̼̱̼̦̪̹̥̘͚͕̻͎͕̝̣̻͚̞̯͍͔̟̣̪̠̣̰͓̼̜̬̮͍̱͇̺̮͎̮͓͎͍̞͙̬̱̱͍̩͔̲̲̞̖̤̞͓̦͚̫͓̝̹̦͎͉̎̓̂́̿̒̽̎̉̾̓͂͆͆̐͊̃̌̔͆̑̋͛̊̎̾̿͛̉̒̈́̒͌̈́̽̂͋̈́̒̍̾̋̑̿͂̀͋̔̑͗͐͆̔̓̌̅͐̎̂̍̔̎̍̏͌̿̾̾̏̎͊̓̏̈͛̒̎͋̍͗̌̽̀̎̏͆̐̀̋͗̌͋̾̿̎̐̃̒̓̃̅͛̅̅̂͛͋̓̓̃͛̐̏̈̏͋͌̇̈̒̌̎͋̈͂̾̏̉̾͌͛̋̇̇̿͗̂͂̒͌̃̓̿̂͒̓͌͂̑͗͒̌́͑͐͒̅̽͛͒̽̒͐̒̌̈̇̎̊̈̽̆͛̂̀̀͒̉̓́̔͐̒͆̇͋̉̊̿̂̔̂͑͂̓͐̆̐̂͌̓̍̊́̉̌̐̾͒̌̑͛͊̌͋̎̆̑̄̀̕͘̕̕͘̕̕͘͘͘͘̚̕̚͘̚͘̕͘̕̕̕͜͜͜͜͠͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅa̵̡̡̧̧̡̨̨̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̖̺̖͎̤̟̯̟̖̣͈͓̗̥̮̰̤͓̟͈̝̪̰̤̞̞̝͍̪͙̱̹͓̩̫̤̦̺̮͎̩̣̟̥̪̘̰̝̼͕͙̲̋̒̽́̏̈͂̽̈̔̉̏̂̽͗͆͌̓̈̊̃̏̊̒́̃̿̎͒͛̑͌̇͗͋͗̌̆͐̇̈́̓̒̀̄͂̓͒̐̏͆̾̂̄̇͛̄̀̑̂̇̅̆̏́̀͂̉̀͐̀̓̃͂͂͒̔̀͌̊̋̃̿̄͋́̇̂̃̄̔̎͗̔̎͌̄̇̽̍̍̐̍͑̋̐͗̏̂͌̆̓͂͆̔̋̉̿̽͒̐̔͐̊̒̔̏̎̉͒̅̆̉̔͊͊͌̉̂̔͑͒͛̔̿̍͆́͐̐͑͋̂́̅̋͐̍́̄̿̏͐̊͘͘̕̕͘̚͘̕̕͘̚͘̕̕̕͘͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͠͝͝ͅȁ̸̢̢̧̢̨̢̡̡̢̨̢̧̨̧̨̢̡̡̧̡̡̧̡̨̧̛̛̛̫̦̜̩͖̫̪̺͚̼͔̩̻̣̠̥̤̪̣̹͓̠͇̰͕̜͇͇͉͖͉͔͚͇̙̳̪̟͎͎̹̹͓̤̫̹̰̖̳̪͇̩̪͇̖̺͔̭̞̥̖̞̖̻̺̺̺̤͚͍̩̣̠͓̹̘̜̭̮͕͓̫̗̗̗͉̘̰̼͕̳͉̰̦̞͖͈̬͚̤̭̼̳̯̭͎̯͈̬͓̳̦̪͔̻̦̜̤̮̖͖͔͔̼̦̼͖̮̩͚͔̣̻̮͚̤̺͔̥͔̟̬̠̘̯̮̠͉͓̖͈̹̗̬̖̹̬̱̪̟̱̩̮̮͇̬̰͍̞̟̪̯̫͕̺̪̞̠̩̜̼͉̭͍͇͖̣̹̰̲̻̘̘̫̫̟̠̯̥̯̯̩͍̳̳̬͍̻͕̻͇̦̭̻͚͈̠̹̫͓̭̘̥̜͓̹̣͚̆͐͑͆̉͒̂̓̒͌̇͋̽̊̐͆̎̅̀́̾̅͂̉̆̓̓͛̈́̈́̿̓͌́̅͆̀̎́̌͑͊͂͋̈́́͋̋͒̌͌̐̋̃̈̏͊̔̈̋̀̒̓͋̔͛̓́͋̃̍͗̆́͐̂̾̌̾̄̃͛̐̿̇͐̔̔̏̇̑͂̈̽͌̍̌̽̔͋̔͑͂̍̾̒̃̉̃̇͑̊̋̔͐̍̏̾̉͑̊̋̎̃̆̉̔͛͗̐̓̑͑̿͐͗̾͆͒͒̀̌̂̇̈̋͑̓̋̒̍̽͂̈̽̑̓͑̒͌̆̔̋̔̾̾̀̍͛̏͋̆̉͊͋̾̀̂̋̂͘̚̕̚̚͘͘̚͘̕̚̚̕̕̕͜͜͜͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͠͠͠͝͝͠͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅ ̵̧̢̨̢̨̨̨̡̡̨̡̛̛͚̖̘͙͚̝̪͙͖̪̘͉͈͖̲̣͙̙͔͉̻̫̺̳͇̲̙̗̜̼͈͖͖͙̘̱̘̱͇͙̖̘̻͙̮̱̘̤̹͍͎̘̘͉̟͈̻̣͚̙̭͙̣̰̹̫̠̘͍̹͚̥̲͉̺̠̤̜̤͚̝̥̠͙͖͈̪̰̩͔̻̮̭̥̯͕͈͉̯̮̝̬͍̦͎̝̙̝̫̱̙̹͓͍͖͍̪̺̰̜͓͍͈̣̦̭̺̱̙̳͓̪̝̰̙͚̻͈̗̰̞̮̫̗͕̺̙̟̭̩̬͍̩͖̘̤̗̤̖̜̲̤͓̮̙̣͍̭͕͚̗̭͖̰̮̻̪͉͙̹̯̲̠̖̪͐̉̊̎̄̄̌̓̀̑̂̾͑̓͆̓̐͋́̾̽̓͛͐̾̌̊̄̎̈́͜͜͜͜͜͜͜ͅͅͅͅͅd̶̢̧̨̧̧̧̨̛̛̛̛͇͈͓̩̟̝̮̹̰̣̮̙̬̥͔͔̬͈͎͎̩̼͈̻̜̳̪̍̇͑̑̀͒̆̂͒̽̿̽̍̍̓͑̿̄̀̍̿̇͂̅̀͆́͛̎̋́̌̃͒̅̔̽̎͊̇͊̾͂́̾͒̿͒͂̔͊͂̍̉͛͂̄͊̽̓͑̔̐͑̒̾͗̔̌͘͘̕̕͘͘͘͘̚̕͝͝͠͠͝͝͠͝ͅd̴̢̨̧̨̧̡̨̧̢̛̛̛̛̛̲͉̱̖͙̩͈̰̗̲̥͎̣̬͖͉̤̮̠̖̥̖͙͇͎̥̲̭̣͓͕̣͕̰̙̱̭͈̹̳̠̰̗̫͕̮̞̜͉̰̪̺͔̣̭̮̩̮̪͚̝͓̗̰̟͈̠̲͍̣̩͙̭̙͚̮̲̩̳͇̩͖͔̟̠̬͖͖̬̔̀̓̆̃͛̍̆̋͗̉͌̀͌̉̃͆̎͒̉͊̍́̏̈́́̃̀̈́̈́͛̓̔͌͛̋͛͗̿͂̑̂̍̏̓͛̾͆̌͊̋̄̽͐̓̃̊̂̐̑̍͆̑̅̀̎̀̄͋͂̿̆̃̌̊̽̃͐̓͊̃͋̌̉͐̊͗̍̅̿͒̋̇́̿̏̓̌͂̄͛͘̚̕̚͘̚̕͘̕̚͜͜͜͜͠͠͝͝͠͝͝͝ͅͅ ̸̨̧̡̨̧̧̨̨̨̨̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛͙̩̤̼̳͎̙̱̫̲̯͚̬̪̟̳͍͎͎͇̱̮͍̱̖̖͚̟̫̣̙̖̬̙̤̝̞͉̺̖͇͓̦̳͍͎͚̮̭̇̈́̏̈́́̅̓͌̔̋͊̊́̉̌̈̈́̐͂́͒̉̑̊͐̔̓̔́́̽͗̎̋͂̌̓̄͌͊̐̅̌̓̓̏͛̅̇͗̌́̄͗̂̌̓͐̊͂͑́̅̓̿̋̋̃̄͑̋̏̅̇͊͆̿̈̌̔̂͆̂̾̎̀̽͋̊̊͌͊̑̉̀́͛̆͋̌̌̽̉̔́̅͋͐̿̇͒̌́̀̒̑̉̄̽́͋̒̂̆͑͑̃̑̏̿͑̍̃̏͒̋̄̇̀̃́̋̃̿̊̒̅͋͛́̿̃́́̔̐͗̑̄̾̂͂̆̽͒̓͋͌͂̑̈̋̄̆̎̃͒̌͆͛͛͒̿̔̄̃̾̌͆́͐̎̆̒̌͋́̈̏͛̇̾̿̕̚̚͘̚͘̕̕̚͘̕̚̚͘̕̚͜͜͜͠͝͠͝͝͠͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͠͠͝ͅͅr̴̢̨̨̨̧̨̨̡̧̧̨̢̨̨̧̨̧̢̧̛̟̩̝͔͍͚͈͕̘̠̼̹̰̰̞̹̟̪̦̦̺̗̦̞̠̖̭̼̤͔̪̗̹̳̖̹͔̱͚̬̘̬̞̖̝̲͔̣͕̮̬͕̠̟͉̥̣̣̩͚͇̘̟̗̭̤̘̥̠̺͚͖̞̘͎͙̤̫͇̹͍̤͖̣͓̗͎͙̺͚̣͇͉̦̣̝̫͓̜̤͉̘̪̘̪̞̱͕͔̼͔͍̗̯͕̲̤̳̙̦͈̭̤̱̬͓̝̻̘̺̮̬͚̤̖͓͇̼̯̺̫̩̰̺̱̩̹̺͓̬̹̭̥͙̬͙͇̬̱͎̟̪͚͕̲̬̫͍͔̺̦͚̮̹̜͕̙̦̪̩̲̻̯͚͇͔̭̫͇̪̫͔͔̰̱͕̫̭̻̜̣̟̩̿̀͛̇̋̀̈́̌̀͗̔͑̓̒́̇̌̅̀̇̾̆̈̑̂͒̐͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͝͝ͅͅ8̴̢̢̡̧̧̢̡̢̢̢̧̧̡̧̧̧̨̨̛̛̻̜͍̝̣̫̦͔̱̥̺̺̬̫͎̬̳̤̭͔̼͍͍͙͎̼̘͕͎͇̪͙̠͍̟̰͙̹͎̰͉͙͇͙̱̙̝̞͚͔̩̤̗͚̯͉̠͇̞̺̝̥̯̤̯̦̯͔̮̘̗͍̳̱͓̥̤͔̫͖̯͉̰̹̲͇̲̮͙̘̘͔͉̮̜͇̼̖̹̗̻̼̰̰̞̺͕̘̠̪̳̻̖̙͈̹̬̫̝̝͇̖͕̥͉̲͙̟̗̞͔̤̩̬̺̻̟͚̤͇̪͇͉̬̟̠͖͈̬̮͎̬͚̘̖͚͙̮̪͓̜͙̯̠͕͎͓̪̟̺̺̞̰̺͕̦̠͙̺͚̗̜̳̪̜̳̣̬̥͙̬̜̲̺̣̥̲̟̘̞̜̳̤̿̋̈́͑̔̌͋͌̂̉̔̾̒͒̽͛̆͂̾̕͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜ͅͅͅͅ8̸̢̢̢̡̧̡̧̢̧̧̡̡̡̨̧̛̛̛̛̛̫͕͎̦̭̳̹͕͙̦̱̟̟͇͎͚̠̗͚̳͔͍̪͈͎̤̤̖̤̮̮͔̺̠͖͙͚͉̺̥̣̳͙̞̤̼͔͈̬̟͈̩̮͉̥̥̲͇͍̟̖̭̟͔̮͓̤͉̹͈͚̜̟̮̼͈͖̹͇̠̘̱̙̣̦̤̖̙͉̣̳̭̮̠̻̣̺̖̮̤̲͖̣̻͙̥̜̬͕̪̟͇͍̰̰̭̞̜͎̞̘̫̰̲̟͇̲͖͍͔͕̝͉͇̹̱̻͓̯̦̩͖͖͓̪̯͕̰͙͙̅̉͂̋̑̍́̈́̀͛̌̀͒̇̽̔̈́̑́̌̒̇̒̾͒̈́̓͆͗̈́̉͒̌̌̋̀́̑̅̈́̈̑͗̀͐̀̏͐͌͌̉̀̂̆̈̉̉̑̔̾̎̃͛̊͊̇͌̒̄̅̈̊̀͋̉̽͛̊̀̅̄̌̒̐́̽͋̄̽̔͐͂̋̿̇͑͂̌͊̈̅̑͌́͑̀̓̏̄̂̾͒̍̏͆̽̽̇̑̍̏̐̆́̍̀̆̂̐̽͑̉̃͊̒͒͊́̓͒̅͗͑̍̎̂̇͆̾̓͗͆̎͋̐̀̆͋͂̋̉̌̇̀͋͊̀̍̿͆̑̌͂̇̍̏̓̑͆́͐͆̇͆͗̌͗͛́̆̎̂̽̔̽̑̄̓͒͆̿̉̎͐͂͆͐̏̉̂̚̚̚̚͘̚͘̕͘̚͘̚͜͜͜͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͠͠͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͠͝͝ͅͅͅ ̸̧̧̧̨̧̡̢̢̢̧̧̢̧̡̢̡̢̡̧̢̯̞͕͓̞͇͚̩͔̝̣̺̘̼̗̤̯͔͖͖̘͔͔̺̩̩̜̩͍̱̻̱̳̬̲͉̙̝͍̼͇͙͈̜̫̟̳̰̝͎̩͈̙̖̭̘̪̤̩̭̖̦̮͖͎̝͓͙̝̪͚͇͙̘̼͎͕̲̖̦͖͚̣̖͚̠̦̮͕̗̗̰̲͈̟̼͍̹͍͎͚̪̼̫̯̼̜̣̭̦̜̬͕͎͖͈͈͓̥͚̯̘̱̳̪̺̤̳̠͖̼̟̰͎̗̗̟̫͇̝̻͕͖̭͈̼͕̫͍͔͚̺̹͉̯̘͎̝͇̘͔͕̘̻̻̝̟̺̼̱͖̩̏̉̋̓̓́̏͊͗͊̃̍̈́̃̑̀͊̍̾̓͋̈̊̾͋̿͐̄̿̓̓̈̎̾̀̇͆̈́̊̽̍̔̓͌̇̔̄̋͛̒̊̒̐̈̓̔̄͆͛̾̿̈̍͗̿̽͊̔̓̒̌͆̇͗̽̏̃̏̽̐̉̉͑̔͑̚͘͘̕̕͘͜͜͜͜͠͠͝͠͝͝͝͠͠ͅͅͅͅͅͅ8̶̢̢̨̢̢̢̡̡̨̧̧̡̡̧̨̡̧̡̛̛̛̛̤̙̖̯̥͔̼̫̻̞̗͖̗̞̯̠̬̠͖̰̦͍̬̬̼̤͈͈̝͓͍̣̮̪̝̮̹̠͍͍͕̣̳̘̳̼̗̳̞̘͇̹̜͈̞͙̞̤͖͔͇̪̥̰͖͉͉͉̤̣̫̹͉̠̭̖̥̣͕͈̻̦͎̥͔̮͔͖̹͓̟̦̦̤̙͇͇̣͕͚̥̼͈̳͖̬̼̩̮̩̹͙̞͕͎̪͍͓͙̼͈͖̟̝͖̮͍̹̹͕̻͔͉̭̪̻̗̒̽̄̃̔̉̑̆̊̽̉͒́͛͂̔̈́́̒̋͒͂̑̐̃̂͐͆̑͐̇̑͆̌̽̊̀͂́̔͗̆̈́̏̀̔̆̎́̃̈́̔͛̊̽͒̇͌̂̄̄͗͆̽̀͂̔̊̒̆̅̉̈̊̈̆̏͒̾͌̓̅̉̆̉͘͘͘͘̕̚̚͠͝͠͠͝͝ͅͅͅͅţ̴̡̧̛̛̛̖̝̱̺̳͎̹͈͍̘͕̜̣̱̗͎̰̰̫̞͈̹̫̣͕̱̫̥̮̭̝̘̥͓̞̰̱̻̼͚̞̣͇̳̖̣̜̰̳̳̘̠̙̰̫̬͍͇̤̮̰͓̫̭̟͚̳̜̲͙̻̱̭̱̺͔̠͙͓͔̞̱̯̳̮̣͍̰̘̺̠̖̟̻͚̘̤͔̟̗̙̳̻̟̫̤̩̳̪͒̓̈̓̀͋͛̽̈̐͂̎̃́́̍̊̐̌̈́͋̊̀̇́͐̑͛̈́̏̆̏̊̿͒̅́̅̿̓́̔̒̿̀̂̃͊̄͒̔̄͛͐̐͒̿̌̇́̑́͐̽͗́̉̍͆̃̊̏͂̾͗̍̾̊̐͋̋̔̃̓̑̽̅̊̉̽͛̍͗̋̾̕̕͘͘͘̕̕͜͜͜͠͝͝͝͠͠͝ͅǵ̷̢̢̢̢̧̨̧̡̡̢̧̡̧̛̛̛̛̛̛̙̼͍͈̟̫̦͉͍̮͉̲̜̫͚͈̯̝̗̭̤̩͚̝̼̺̥͎̝̥͎̣͕̬̥͎̮̱͔̖͕̱̹̠̬̣̯͖͓͎̲̰̮͇͖͈̘͖̯̘̫͚̤̩̼͈͈̼̦͙͖͉͕͖͕̼̥͈̘̬͕̣̜͈̱̫̥͕̱͈̥̲̼͈̫̘̙̠̬̜̼͉͍͖͕̺̖͍͍͎̜͖͙̖̜̩̱̰͔̠͉̳̼̗̬͖̤̜̤̱͖̹̜̘͙̩̻͎̳̺̮̤̜͙̘͈̞̦̙͓̗͙͈̬̯̮̖̫̲͙̼̯̻͇̺͓̬̦͕̟̘̪̱̯̤̟͉͈͖̘̬̖͉̲̺̲̫͙͉̩̥̲̦̖͖̞͎̹̦̜̙̪̠͕̳͓̯͙̖̠͕̠̳̗͙̖̯̤̙̦̼̗͙͍͕͇̟͔͕͍͍̻̩̦̅̒͂̀͊͐̑̋̈́̀̈́̐̀̂̑̔̽̀̀͛̔̑͋͌̇͂́̊̇̎̍̈̇̒̋̆̒̌̽̊̒̀͑̓̏̂̉͒̉̎̾͋͆̌͛͒͊̅̾͐̄̃̿͌̓̆̔̌͊̿̈̈̇͗͌̏̑̔̆̔͊̆̈́̓̄̆̋̒̾̿͑͋̽͌̎̉̏̉̾͒̄̔̑͊̉̌̀̆̍̉̐͒̆͛͌̋͂̏͆̂͐́̌̒͊͑̌̂͛̀̑͂̎̂̍͛̽͑̏̓͆͊͌̉̋̂̆́͌̂̐͛̂̏̋̌̍͌͒̄̕͘̚̚̚̕̚̕̕͘̚͜͜͜͜͝͝͠͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͠ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅư̵̡̢̢̢̡̡̨̨̨̧̨̡̨̧̨̨̨̡̧̧̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̭͉̰̣͙̙̲̯͇͇̜͈̬͉͙̠̬̳̮̙̪̣̦̻̝̘̺̰̟͉̹̰̳̥̘͕͎̤̠̥̻̱̤̹͕͓͚̘̭̩̤̫̰̥̠̩͓̻̙̭̪̥̼͕͙̹̬̲̱͈̦͉͖̳̗͎̯͚̪̱̹̣̳̟͇͙̙̗̻̼̮̼̬̘̹͉̦͕̗̞̝͎̘̰̪͎̞͈̹̘̲͕̤͓̗̪̤̯̜̼̹̯̫̪̗͈̭̱̜̲͇̰̼͚͍̙̰͈͚̱̰̟͉̤̬͓͎̹̹̟̰̱̹̞̙͇̫̬̙̠͕̼͓͔̦̞͎͍̥̺̲̯͉͔͇̺͍̘͔̟̺͓̺̳̝͙̫͕̩̗̭͔̜̠̻͍̭̺̟͚̭̳̜̤̹͍͈̞̬̺͉̱̫͍̰͎͔̝̣̘͚͔̦̼̲̹̭̦̘̹̠̺̣̜͐͑͋͒̊̈́̉̋̐͌̄͊̓̇̉͑̓́́͐̎̂͛̅̉͒͋̏̀̒̎̔́͛̋́̌̏̓́̎̑̅̐̈́̈̀̒̊̊̔̉̆̈̆͆̈̄̅͐̄̏͛̎̏͗̔̓̍͋̌͆͆̊͊̂̑̽̀̄̓͑̑̽̽̉͒̾͗͑̑̀͊͊̆̿͆̆͒͑͊̋̌̅͐̊̀̔͐̑̀̃̑̓̉͗̐̅̒̄͊̽̃̅̇̔̍̾͌̽͒́̋̆͒̈͒̓̌̔̀͌̎̈͋̏̿͒͐̍͌̽̌́͆̒͗͆̊̽͗̏̆̃͑̒͒̐͊̆͑͂͛͋̀̒̄͐̿͊̽̋̔̽̀̌̾̈̒́͊̌̓̚̕͘͘͘͘̚̕͘̕͘͘̕̕̕̕̕̚̕̕̕̚̚̕͜͜͜͜͝͠͠͠͝͝͝͝͝͠͠͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͠ͅͅͅͅͅͅg̸̡̡̢̨̨̧̧̢̛̛̛̛̛̟̖̥̖̳͉͇̮͔̦͉̭̯̩͇̬̳̜̖̥̞̣̤̘͉̥͙̖͙̤͙̬͕̤̯̘̘̙̼͓̰͖̣͓̳̠̱̱͚̗͈̰̘̣͚̝̩̞̪̟̪̻̪̮̹͔͚̞̙̺̲̲̩͉͍̻̤̟̝̺̫̯̣̦̣͙̰͙̲̹̟̘̘̤̮̥͎͈̠̝̮̻̟̻̼̖̣͔̮͇̞̮͎̰̯͔̤̰̲͑̐̊́̏̃͐̎͑̃͐̂̈̈̏̍́̅̽̾͂̈̈́̉͌͗̓̑̃̑̄͗̌̔̓̋̈́̐̍̈́̓̌̇̀̀͋͒̄̿̀̅͋̂̌́̑͆̈̿̀̂̾̌͋̆̍͒̃͒̒̀͒͒͆͛̅̈̉̌͊̋̂̾̈͌̌̂̈̽̉͛̾̊͗̿͂́͑̒͑̿͌̅̌̑͐̽͗̄͌͛͂͌͋̄̿͑̏̅͊̀̅͐̿̉̑͐̑̌̍́̔̊̋̒̓͆͌̔̋̔́̾̆̈̅͛͒̂̽͒͒̈̐̅̽͐͒̋̇͘̚̚̕͘̕͘͘͘̕̚̕̕͜͜͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͠͠͝ͅͅå̴̢̡̨̢̧̧̨̡̡̢̨̢̢̧̢̧̢̢̛̛̬̯̤̘̱̦͇̞̩̦͕͈̫̼̗͕͖̟̖̣͎̱̹̦̣̼͉͚̪̩̙̝̞̮̠̣̬̩̰̬̺̜͔̙̳̙̬͚͚͉̥̳͔̲̮̖̪̭͇̤̙͓͚̦̖̦̺͉̗̖̲͖̝̱̫̤̰͎̠͕͔̜͙̱̩͇̹̤̯͖͕̮̱̬̣͙̤͖̞̰̙̘̭̭̼͎͓̜̩͎͙͚͚̖͚̹̳̺͈͇̯̳̬̩̠̳̮̥̺͎̖̞̫̫̤̺̺͙͙̹͔͓̬̩͇̦̘̜͇͉̳͇̩̲͓͍̥̰͔̜̹̼̘͚͕͔̜̰̟͕̘̼̺͈̦̮̠̖͓̪̫̲̪̮̣̤̺͚̘͈̫̲̖̞͎̝͉̥̼̬͔̩͎̳̠͙͓̯̮̩̰̗͉͍̻̯̙̠̗̮̤̹̫͖̗͕͍̬̳͔̝͓͖̤̮̙͉̟̥͕̠͇͙͚̂̉̆̇́͂̆̿͊͛̋̎̾́̆͑̐͑͑̅͗͘͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͠ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅą̴̡̲̲͇̗̤̤̮̘̳̱̠̟̣̩̬͙̘̻̠͎͉̻̟̼̬͍͉͓͈̤̰͉̭̭͇̇̓͆̿͌̍̌̿͐̑̍́̉̀͗̒̔̑̾̓̋̽̋̂̓͊̀͒̉̎̃̓͂̂̔͛̈́͊̊̽̍̏͆̈́̋̂̔̏̏́͑̉̎̊͂͌̂͂͛͛̔̿̔̆̾̋̍͊͋̍̔̒̎̓̎̂̀̊̀̍̐̐̈̇̽̔͊͋͗̐̄̀̃͆̍̋̄͑̉̐̾̅͋̑͂̾̒̔̽̕̚̕̚͘̚͘̚͘͘̕͜͜͜͝͝͝͝͝͝͝ ̴̡̧̢̢̧̢̧̡̡̡̧̨̨̢̢̡̡̧̧̢̢̢̨̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̠̫̮̤̩͕͖͈̯̤̣̯̣̯͉̠̗̪͈̜̺̭̜̼̗͖̯̮͎̙̳̝̠͇̭̳͕̫̠̘̠̯̜͔̼̱͔͇̯̝͍̩͚͖͎͍͖̖̫͙̳͎̫͉̯̲̺̯̪͎͍̜̼̱̻̰̻̣͙͓͈̗̯̞͉̙͍͉̠̰͚͖̘̪̟̜̞͚̬̹̖͔̼͍̻̥̺͍̖̻̬̮̬̩̺͚͙̙̥̬͚̭̱̤̗̪̥̣̥̠̱̜̲̝̻̯̠͓̙͙͔͈̘̱̟̼̺͖͓̻̺̗̤̘̰̟̯̯̭̼̫̻̦̒̍̍͑̆̓̆́̀̑͌̈́͊̍̒̈́̾̀̉̈́́̿̓̊̿̓̓̏͒̈́̽̑̈͐͆̌͛͗͐͒̅̇͛͂͋̋̋̑̇͑̍͌̐̒̈̆͐̂̃͊̀̑͋̽̐̽͗̆͗́͑͒͐͂͐̋̂́̇̆̋͐̌͛̈͆̑̊̔̽̇̇̇̾̔̄̓̾̆̍͋͂͗̐̇̑͋̽͑̑̌͑̉͑̉̄͗̿̂́͆̀͋͂͐̓͐̇̏̎̿̏̔̿̿͌͒͋͒͛̒͐̂͋́̈̄̇͑̉͊͊͋̀͛͊͌̔̓͑̒̊̊̅̃̌̑̃̔̀̽̿͗̔̅͆͑͋̽͂͒͌̄͆̄̊͊̌̔̐̄̇́̂̈͆̑̇͗̌̉͂̎̄̃̿͊̇̉͋͑͌͌̔̌̎͊̿̿͂͘͘̚̕̕̕͘̚̚̕͘͘̚̕̕͜͜͜͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͠͝͝͠͠ͅͅͅd̴̨̨̧̧̢̧̡̨̡̨̡̨̡̨̢̨̡̧̡̨̨̧̡̧̢̛̜̯̰̤̻͓̜͉̜̭̣̣̯̟̤̝̰͕̦̲̭͖̮̠̻͈̼̰̲̲͕̟̫͙͍̬̬͈͚̥̩͖̙̤͚̺̥̘̜̪̱̼̺̟̰͖͓̗̤̘̜̭̣̮̩̗̬̗͍̗̗̰͉͚͖̖̳̼͙͍̙̣̹̠̭̼̪̰̳͖͈̩̞̲̹̣̰͕̥̖̖̯̤̯̰̙̣͍͖̪̝̠͇̪̹̠̳̱̠̳̮̠̗̰̬͍̲̞̹̮͓̰̘̯̟̘͖̩̝̹̜͖̮̹̭̞̺̠̭̜͉̮̖̩͖̲͔̩͚͔̖͎̝̙͎͖͓̜͓̗̬̪̮̟͔͈̥̤̰͉̼̠̯̠̺͓̞̠̦͕̙̜͔͇̻̬̰̦̭̣̖̻̺̮̞̹̖̦̮͔̯̱̥̜̻̬̣̬̟̙͇̝̪̩̙̩̣͇̳̣͖̼̰̼͎̪̦̳̟̙̬̍̆̅͘͠ͅͅͅͅͅd̵̡̧̢̨̨̡̢̢̧̨̢̡̛̛̛̛̛̛͔̘̱̭̘̯̼̞̠̻̟̼̣̬̖͕͉̼̞̙̣̜̲͇̬̙͓̹͔͍̗͙͙͓̜̹̖͔͈̪̭̖̱͙͇̤͎͇̬̹̮̪̭̼̻̳̝̟̼̬̞̹̘̯̦̺̯̺̹̯̯̩͍̜̮̦̠̳̮̥̼͈̙̗̲̟̙͚̭͕̣̞̖̹̣̤͇̺̱̰͕̟͈̫̼̯̻̖̞͎̯̙̙̰̦̘̜̤̞̣͙͇͈̆̀̽̈̅̄̽̑͐̅̈́̒̄͌̐̋̃͗̀͒̄̔̽̀̏̉͛̍̀̂̀̌̎̀̀͐̾̀͌̈́̈́͛̅̊̊͌͛̎͐̒̒̓͐̃̐͐̿̈͑̀͐̈̀͂͊̃̀̎͗̿̋͐́̌͗̊͛̾̌͐͐̈͛͊̊͂̇͗́͋̅͌̒̀̂͑̈̆̔̌͆́̓͊͋̿̃̄͂̀̽͛̔͊̿̑̒͋͌͂̄͊̒̊̋̏͒̒͗̎͆̇̓͐͐͒̒́͑͗̽̃̂͊͛̊̋̌̔̉͑͆̔͛̂̍͆̿̄̑͋̃̑͂͑̊͒̽͑̐̎̅̏̔̅͒̇͐͐̐̃͛̍̽͐̿͗̒̃̃̽͌͌̓̐͒͑͛͌͘̕͘̚̚̚̕̚̕̕͘͘͘͘̕͘͘̚͠͝͠͝͝͠͝͝͝͠͝͝͠͝͠͠͝͠͠͝͝͝͝͠͠͝͝͝͝ͅͅͅ ̸̧̛̛̛͔̠̰͔͇͚̬͖͍̜̻̼̺̦̰̻̱͍̰͓͉̓͆͒̔̐̀̈́̀̃͌̌̈́́̓̈̔͂͆͌̍̿̄̔̂̾́́̊̀͐͊̈́̏̓̓͂̊̏̾̄̈́̓̽̑̈́̐̊͗̔͑̀̆̀̐͆̿͗̈̆̀͆͛̏͐͗͂͆͑͊̓͒͛̽̅̉̿͗͑̆̅̒̿͑͋́̑̾̌͂̔͒͊͋̂̀̅̔͆͂͂͒̆̈̽̽̌̽̓̍̄̾͂̍̑̌̇̊͐͌͑͆̆̅̍̆̾̈͒͐̐̈̀̈̅͊͒͗̍̓̕͘͘͘̚͘̕̕̕͘̚̕͘͠͝͠͝͝͝͝r̶̡̢̡̧̧̢̨̧̢̧̡̡̨̨̧̡̨̧̡̧̛̛̛̛̛͖͕̻̳̘̲̭͍͉̯̣̟̝͕̲̘̺̯̤̟͉̺͖̞̥̦̮̙̝̟̩̮͚̦̼͚̦͙̹̜̥̹̮̭̝̹̤̦͙̣̩̺͉̦̗̙̱̮̤̼̦̜̫̝̤̺̥̗͚͔͇̯͈͔̱̙̗͖̯̱͙̦̮͎͙͎̠͖̙͈͖͓͈̤͖͍̱̲͇̲͚̞͓̩̬̟̱̝͈̺̼̙̞̳̜͚̙̯͙̳̺̻̟̞̜͔̫̲̪̯̹̮͚̮̼̫̺͕̱͓̣̦̳̬̲͕͚̤̳̣̞̬̖͖̯̩̮̜̩̜̣̮̙̞̼̝̖͖̲͕̣̳̪̠̝͉̬̰̝͖̫̟̯̮̞̻͕̘̱̠̺̩̩͖̜͔͈̠̘͖̭̻͕̫͕̮̬͉̗͔͍͔͚͇͉̦̥͔̣̰̖̜̪̝̫̫͇̹͖̒̓̒̌̎͊̇̄͊̌̀̿͌̋̓̈̆̒͒̏̓̔̓̏̀͑̉͌͋̈̂̈́̒̎̽̌̉̌̍̈́̃̂̔̇̆̿̈́͛̉͗͂̎̍́̆̇̾̌͑̋̀͆͒̀̈̌̇̏͆͂͑̎̑̍͑̉͐̓̾̌̄̑͌͗̈͐̄͐̐̒̅͒͂́͛̄̆̇̆̿́́͂̈̿̄̾̎̑̔̐̌̾̐̽́͋̾̌́̆̑͊͋̾̈̍̀̊͐̅͊͛̋͒̅͒̔͗̆̀̃͌͂̒̐̄̽͒̒̽͊͒̽̄͛͗͊̽̾͆̈̎̊̉͘͘̕̕̕̚͘͘͘̚͜͜͜͜͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͠͠͠͠ͅͅͅͅͅ8̵̡̡̧̨̢̧̡̧̧̡̡̧̡̡̢̨̨̛̛̘̙̲̞̦̲̘̳̥͔̜͈͉̻̫̹͎̙͎̹͎̩̞͓̲͇͇̱̘̮̗͈̩͉̘̩̰͕͍̞̺̹̩̫̲̩͈̤̤̩͈͕̭̹̰̜̥̱̩̖̫̝͔̖̙̜͕̰̘͉̳̻̳̰̬̙̬̗͉̩̘͉͕̩̻͚̞̟̦͈̫̲͖̘̣̳̖̗̥̹̲̙͔̲̱̻͍̰̝̹̝͎͍͉̘͖̹̰̳̭̱͓͖͇͍̭̯͎̬̫̥̝̱͎̫̝̹̺̲͈̤̥̗̥̝̰̩͇̤̮̤͇̼̞̠̮͓͙͙̣̰͍̙̖͉̼̮̻͇̘̥̬̻́̔̋̆̿̎̒̓̒̏̂̽͗̓̋̊̽̂̐̇͆̌͂̈̊́̽̑͆͌̄̌̀͂̎͂͋̎̿̀́́͌̓̌̀̿̾́́̎̒̊̃̽̀̾͊̇͒̀̈̽͆̂̌̽͛͑͒̿̃͛̿̉̓̑͆͑͌̀̌̎͊́͗̎̓̎̄̿̓̐̅͘̚͘̕̕͘͘͘͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͠ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅ8̴̧̧̢̧̢̧̨̨̡̢̡̡̡̢̡̛̛̛̛̜̹͈̠̺͖͓̮̤͕͍̤̪̩͈̥̯̬̼̗̘̩̜͇̮̰̞̥̭̩̭̩̳̩͎̫̺̫̹͖͕̳̺̝͍͔̘̦̲̰͔̭͙̰̬͕̻̮͎͎͓̥̥̬͇̜͈̬͓̺̩̘͉̹̭͔̜͚̜͙̘̣̩̮͚̖̞̻̙͖̰̬̲̜͓̹̻̥̙̱̖͕͔̤̭͚̝̹͕͔̙̘̬͉̱̎̄͂̀͆̈́̉̓͗̍͋͆̑͆̈́̎̄͌͂̽͒̽͊̈́͋̀̿̂̄́̐̍͒́͊̌̐͛̓͛̊̂̐̐͗͑͑̈̏́̽̈̿̉͆͐̎̆̑̽͗̅́̈̍̌͋̓͋̌̊̀̆̈͛͋̓́͋̈͆̐̅͗̎̒͋̊̏̋̊͐̉̈́͛͋́͂̉̂̑̉͆͛̂̇͛̉̍͋̊̏̽̅͂͛͗͑̂͌̽̄͆̒͌̾̂̽̏̐̏̎͛̇̊̇̌͆̇̊́͗͆̄̿̂͆̍̾̂̉̀̾̐̅̋̾͆́̇̑̒͗͑̿͑̓̈̍͗̈̏̽̃̽͑̉́̋̈̑͘̚̚͘͘̕͘̕̚͘͘͘͘͘̕̕͜͜͝͠͠͠͝͠͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͝ͅͅͅ ̶̧̧̢̧̨̢̧̧̢̧̧̡̨̨̢̡̢̢̧̨̨̢̛̛̛̛̛̛̱͚͍̜̰̘͎̜̭̰̟͎̥̫̹̘̫̤̥̟̞̰͙͈̫̗̝̜̤̗̲͉̪̤̗̙̫̻͉̱̰̙͉̼̤͓̺̜̜̲͓̭̫̙̣͖͙̜̪̮͔͇͖̭͈̼͍̦̟͎̙̤͚͍͇̖̰̩͉̠̖̫̹̰͈͎̲̬͔͇̘̳̯̬̗͇̱̰̖̣͖̥̭̣̯̭̹̪̯͙̻̹̪͇̯̗̮̭̺̰̹̤̖͍͚̱̺̰̩̝̫͎̲̲̣̣̤̥̩̭̯̼̙̟̭͉̩̱͍̮̟̠̹͓̤͈̪̤̬̗̩͖͙̞͉̺͖̮͓̣͖̭͇̮̙͉̥͈̬̟͇̮̩͍̣͖̣̥̭̤̞̗̟͎̬͖̼͍̺̣̟̠͔̟̤͕̣̳͚̤̱̱̞͇͇̇̃͌̾͛͆̓̀͆̍̏͊̄̾͒̅̈́̏̓̀̽̄̅͐̌̈́͛͋̆̌̓̀͊͊́̒̑̈́̎͌͂̌͊̃̔͊̑̈́̌͋̔̿̿̄̂͋̅͊̒̌̇͐͂͑̈͋̄͆̓̇̂̄͒̉̇̅̐͗͂̍̿̓̈̀̂̿̐̉̇͗͗̍̑̿̉̆͋̈̇̐̑̊̄͛̿̀̇̾̊̍̃̇̀̔̿͂͌̅̃͘͘̚͘̕͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͠͠͝͠͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅ8̵̢̧̢̧̨̧̛̛̛̛̛̛̥̠̥͍͈̮͓̲͖̯̩̝͔̟̘͓͚̣͍̯̻͉̳͈͍̺̙̟̰̼͔͉͔͎͙̎͛̈̆͗̌̑̒͊̓̓̔͋͌͊͂̎̆̽̏̐̓̇̓̄̎̅̍̎́̊͑̿̎̋́͆̉͗̑̈́͊̅̾͂̓̏̂̑̒̋̂͌̽̃̊͆̂̃͆̓̊̓̽̆̒͊̉̄̏̈͗̽̑̊̏͆͂͌̑̄̎͂̍̀̽̏̽̃̂̈̇̉̇̆̇̿̏̂̑̍̅͗͐̍̅̔͂̃͛͗̄̉̎̊̐̂̀̀̒̍͑̇͋͑̆͛͒̐̈͋̄̑̌͌̑̽̿͒̃̔̉͆̾̆̓͋̇̉̆͊̆̇̊͑͐̏͂̌̔̂̓͑̔̕̕̕̚͘̕̚̚͘͘͘̚̕̚̕͘̕͜͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͠͝͠͠͝͝ͅͅͅţ̶̢̡̢̢̛̛̛̛̛̥̬̜͉͓̥̻͇͚͓̼̱̖͈̳̞͈̱̦͚̪͓̣̻͓͇̣͍̘͔͙̜̺͖̪̳͔͔̘̥̹͎̪̘̱̼͇͇̣͚͍̟͑̆̍͑̐̍̆̂̃̇̈́̍̉͆͑̈́̿̈́̑̌̓̋̓̃̀̽̅̎̈́̊̍̂͊̑͗̌̆̿͌̋̈͛̈́͒͗̃̀̀̏͗́̎̂̅̇͛̎̉̓̽̉̆̔͊̌̍̃̅̆̂͆̅̏̈̐̌͛͂͌̓͌̄̈͋̋͆̄́̈̏͆̈͑̃͒̒̐̆̆̂̋̇̚͘̕̚̚̕̕͘̚̕̕͝͝͝͠͠͝͠͝͠͠͝ͅͅͅͅǵ̶̨̢̢̧̢̨̧̨̡̛͎̠͓͍̤̞̼̣͎̠̦̞̩͖͇̘̰̤͙̬̮͕̦͉̦̟̘̗͓̝̺̦̰̗̥̪̼̖͚̞̠̼͙͉̟̣͔̲̠͎͓̞̮̼̪̖̣̟͎͕̦̱̩̠͙͇̖͇̫̣̖̻͓̦̖͕̳͉̖̗͇͇͕͖̦̱̣̗̟̥̤̺͌̽͑̃͒͊̅̒̍͂̒̋͂͋̏̃͌͗͊̈́̃̋̇͋̈́̐̍̅̀̍̈́̀͐̈́͗̅͊͌͊̀̎̄͊̍̎̀͆̄͂͘̕̚̕̕̚͜͜͝͠͝͝ͅͅų̸̧̨̡̧̨̧̧̧̧̨̧̨̧̨̨̛̛̛̛͖̯̙͙̺͔͕̩͖͕̥̥̹͚̹̘̱̺͈͔̼̜̰̯̞̯̘̻̲̲̰͍͔͖̼͓̤̜͔̫̳̬̝̯̤͎̙̲̪͈̝̪̝̘͖̱̤̹̭͎̗̤͉̺͙̯̪̖̝͖͎̩̤͈͙̟̦͚̼̭̹̺̜̩̘̜̺̖̻͙̬͔̬͉͚̥̲̤͙͔̜̮͖͓̝̲̣̰̱̫̺͙̮̹̙̗̣̭̤̮̬̳̣̺̱̫̣̩̤͈̱͙̤͓͉͙̼̺̱̬͈̣͈̜̳̖̠̟̼̩͔̜͎̺̬̠͖̥͉̺́͊͋̾̒̈́̽͗͗͒͆͆̔̀͑̿̔͌͆̐͐͑̆́̓͐̄̉̂͑̏͛̂̔̋̀̒͗́͌̊́̾̉̈͑̔͊͐͑̀̅̆̆̃̽̍̃͋̐͛̅͆̈̿̑̿̇̀̑̃̉̅̂̔̒̒͛̒̔̔͂͒̓̾͆͂̍̀̌̓̾̑̈̃̾͗͒̆̐̑̔̌̅͒̓̉̅̈̀̿͊̍̍̀͛̾̔͌̋͆͌̀̇͂̂͆̇̂̽͐̃̐̅̉̎͊͑̍̽͆̃̉̿̇̑̒̉̌̇̉̇͗͑̉̑̅̾̎̈̎̽̈͒͑̔̌̾̾͘̕̕͘̚̚̚̕̚̕̚̕̚͜͜͝͠͠͝͝͝͝͝͠͠͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝ͅg̵̡̨̨̢̨̧̧̢̧̨̨̧̡̨̧̡̛̛̯̟̣͎͇̯̝̙͓̪̙̲̼̟͖͇̘̪̟̙̭̻̗̻͈̹̦̖̹̫̗̘̖̪̝̳̖͓̥͇̻͙̞̲͈̱̹̙̫̹̬̗̼̙̬͕̦͉̩̠̠̯̳͔̗̦̯͚̻̲͎̮̰̣̙̝̤̥̹̳̟̭̜͈̣̤̝̲̮͈̻̺͎̩͓̫̗̮̱̫̙̪̝̝͉̘̮̠̙͕̥̮͍̳̫̬̦̺͚̺̱̬̪̳͕̯̫̣̩̘̰̣͎͍͙̟͉͕̦͔͎̣̼̬̮̳͓̥̠͖̺͉̗̖̺̮̞̭̟̼͎̗̦͍͓͇̜̗͍̤͔̗̤͇̩̦̪̗̦̝̣͆̂̌̾̊͂̓͛͐̔̋̇̆̂̑́͆̐̅̈̃͋͗́̈́̈͑̋͂̄͊̋̈̽͌̐͋̈́̒͋̋̔̎͒͊̽̓́̔̾͛͌̉̇̅͑̆͌͒̄̃̑̅̈̍͌̆̅̋͗͂͌͛͆̋̅̽̑̃̋̄̂͊̚̕̚͘͘͜͜͜͜͜͠͝͝͝͝͠͠͠ͅą̸̡̡̢̧̢̧̡̨̧̡̢̨̡̨̨̡̢̢̧̧̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛͎̰͉̳͙̼͓̺̙̫̞̰͉̘̬̮͇̳̞͉̥̻͍̯̭̗̱̫͉̪̗̬̺̬̝͖̙͎̦̖̩̺̹̟̼͔͇͕͈͕͔̥̤͔̰̟͓͉̞̳͙͇̬̞̰̫̮̰̹̻̭̝̜̻̬̻̠̪̹̻̘̫̲̞̥͙̣̝͖̙̘̣̗̱͚̥̯̤͙̥͈̺̩̹̭̠̳̜̙̼̖̯̩͍̪͔͎̖͈̣̯̱̀́̋̊͂̏͑́̀́̉̈̓͆̏̉̌̈́̏̓̓̇̃͑̎̽͌̆̈́͊̈́̋̎̾̃̃̏̀̄͋́̎̍́͊͒͛̏̒̀͊͂͛̎̿̌̇̓̏̂͆̔͆̾̈̊͋͌̋̌̊̄̈͛͆́̔̉̌̄̈̀̀̿͛̄̾̂͊͆͆͐̎̉̋̉̅͗̓̓̈̄̈̒̊̀̇̋̍͌͐͗̎̄̑̽̒̆̎̿͋̋̈̎̽̓̌́̂͂͗̑̏̾͋͂͊͂̄̏͒̑̅̐̌͌͑̄͊͋̃̿͑̌̆̏̍͊̅̄͋̎̍͌̄̏̐̏̽̅̀͊̏͌̒̐̄̂̂̉͌̍̓̽͗̈͑̈̄̆͋̔̀͂̎͑͗̐͛͊̇̔͆̽͛͋͂̐̽͛̓͂̍̽̀͛̿̀̇̉̊̒͘̕͘̕͘̚͘̕̚̕͜͜͝͝͠͠͝͝͠͝͠͝͝͝͠͠͝͠ͅͅͅâ̶̡̧̢̨̨̛̛̛̪̝̦̩̰̤̼̣̻̳̺̹̱̼͔̻͚͚̹̫͎͚̹͖̝̯̰͕̱̣̜̫̱̬̠̙͖̲̭̭̭̟͉͉̠̮̜̭̩̲̻̩̪͙̻̦͔̘̫̬̻͍̬̱̗͎̳̲̞̺͙̲͇̘͉̦͍͙̙̞̼͔̯͉̟͚̭̞̥͙͍̘͚̯̖̺̭͚̱̘̰͙̻̳̦͎͉͉̱̟̱̜̜̫̪͖̤̼̟̼̮͍̹͈̭̫̠̯̘̪͖̙̮̙̯̖̣͉̪͚̹̭̳̟͇̖͍̆̑͒̀̑͋̏͂̉̀͒͛̍̅͊͂̂̀͌̏͑͐̃͊̆͋̌̾̿̀̅́̓̎̎̀̓̋͂̍͑̆̾̌͒͋̈́̊̇͑̆̊̓͆̀̏̄̐̉͊͋̿͑̆̌͛̌̂̆͐̐̿̔̍͌̑̄̽̆̎͌͆͊̏͗̽̉̒̊̆͋̅̀͊̃̽͂͂̊̍̿͑̅̋̇̎́́͐̀͊͊͛̓̄͒̑̾̋̓͗͑̍̒͂̆͐̃͊̅̈̏̃͋̎̍̆̊̄͌̌̾͛̾͋͑̆̇̾͒̃̍̾͛̋̔̆̋̑̍̿͂̎̅̊̚͘̚̕̕̕͘̕͘͘͘̚̚͘̕͘͜͜͝͝͠͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝ͅͅͅ ̷̡̨̧̧̡̢̡̡̨̢̨̧̨̢̨̗͔̫̪͓̞̭͈̥͖̙͙̣̼͙̮͍̳̟̝̰̯͎̦̩̬̩͔̜͎̳͎͚̫̯̣̺͓̦̪͚̦̹̼̣̭̭̮͙̼̞̲̮̜̫͔͇͚̩̲̮̘̫̜̥̩͉͍͖̞̭͍̭̙͙̭̲͉̻̯͇̲̝̬͓̠̟̰̜̤̼͙͕̖͚͍͇͔͚̫̠̞͈͚͙̣̖̬̯̝̥͇̞͕̞͖̞̬͍̥̰͈̫̹̠͖̥̤̥̮̯̝͇͉̯͕̗͈̳̰̘̘̳͕̭̪̼̖̗̹̪̪̯͓͕͔̞͈̮̲̼̯̋̅̽̇̀́̌̔̽̈́͛̆̎̿̏̔̐͑̽̒̈́͂̆̃̋̌̇̋͐̋͗̍͗̓̒̾̒͆̇̉̉̈̀̇̆̂͑̀̐̿͑̇͛̑̄͆̈̾͒̀̿̊̓͒̐͒͒̒̓̅̿͗̐̿̋̓͑͌̕͘̚͜͜͜͝͝͝͠͠͝͝ͅͅͅͅḑ̶̢̡̡̨̨̡̢̧̛̛̛̛̛̬̩̠̗̠̤̯͎̪͓̖͇̗̣̼͚̰̝̘̝͈̝̲̙̟̳͇̭̝̻͉̟͕̩̖̟̗͎̫̟̩̦̯̮̞̬̙̭̜̦̗̲̭̘͔̜̻̼̮̝̪̪͈̘̔̉̊͂̉͌̍̆͂̏͂͛́̓̉̈͒͂̈́͑̔̆̓͆̐̓͋̔́̅̾̊́͋̀̈́̂͌͆́̀̐́̑̑̀̓̀͒̊̉̋̅͂̔̑̇́̎͗͛́̿̈͒̍̎̍̓̑̃̎͂̔̊̏̋̒̐̿͐͊̆́̽̒̋̃͊̇̐̅̐͂̐̒̇̂̐̃̃̈͌̊̅̏͌͗̽͑͆͒̾̿̑̾͐̒̇̊͊̐͂̉͘͘̕͘̕̚͘̚̚͜͜͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͠ͅͅͅḑ̵̡̧̛̛̛̛̛̛͕̯̮̰̝̹͉̞̤̺͈͎͎͍̝̣̫͕͈̳͇͚͙͔̺̲̯̥̫̱̬͕̩̦̬͉̟̜̫̦͈̻̱̘̦̙̮͚͎̖͇̳̖̋̌̾̍̂͂͂̋̿̇̾̀̇́̓͑̿̂̈́̌͗̓̀̍̀̽̏͒́̽͐̈́̂̌͋̈̈͌̔̐̌̇́̐̒̌̋͊̋͗̓̏͒̅̀̔͂͛̊͆̇͐̆̂͋͑̏̏͆̏͒̏̍͊͋͒̓̂̃͛̔̑͂̽̾͌̄̑̽̽̀͌̒͋̊͛͆͋̅̀̔͐͊̌̀͆͆͂̅̎͒͛͂͋̅̄͒͛́̾̔̌̇̆̏͆̀͛̂͆̌̌͆̀́̑̎̀͆̋̋̉̌̐̍̔́͗̓̌͌͗̄̂͌̌͑͒͋̾̍̆̍̽̓̐̓̎̔̆͊͒͒͊̅͒͛̓̃͑̄̃̄̅͆̅͊͋̃̆̓͂͌̚͘͘͘̕̚͘͘̕̚̕̕̕̕̕̚̕̚͜͠͝͝͝͝͠͠͠͝͠͝ͅ ̶̢̨̢̨̡̨̡̧̧̛̛̛̩̲̼͙͉͇̠͕͉͚̤̟̪͈͇̤̺͍̩̺̤̟̞̗̰̯̦̩͎̩̰̯͓͕̙̭̤̖̭̩̬̼͉̖̙̦̥͚̲̰̥͉̫̩̰̖͓̖̟̩͙̘̖͇̙̫̟͕̥̰̱̫̮̦̦͉͕̼̙̣͔̗͓̫͓͙͓̯̹̪̻͍̟̱̞̠͓̫̤͉͉̪̩̓̎̑̉̐̾̿̊̿͊̔͐̂̐̐̈́̏̾̈́̋̐̉̃̋̎͆̾̀̆͐̓̇̈́̆͗́̐̈̔̇́̑͆̈̄̅̿͌̓͋̊̽̔̋̍̐̌͛͐̀͒̽̽̈̾̏͒͛̄́̒̒̋̇̽̅̋͑́̀̏͊̒̃̊͆͛̾̋̑͊̽̌͒͒̃̓̉̌͐̎̆̂̉̊͐͑́̃͛̈̓̃̔̇͗̔̐̓͗̑͐͑͊͆̇̓̔̌̇̆͗̔̌́̇̽͐́̃̌͆͊̀̂̃̍̅̑̍̽̇̔̂̏̈̾͗̄̒̊͊̍̍̐̅̋͐̌̽͑̐̂̔͋͒̈̏̃̄͗̌͗̌̾̋̉͌̓̊͋̍̊͆̒̑̃̑͆̇̎̐́̐̐͐͛̉̆̅͛̌͑́͋̔̋̄̚̕̕͘̕̕̚̚̚͘̚̕̕͘͘͘͘̚̚̕̚̚͜͜͜͜͜͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͠͠͝͠͠͝͝͠͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅr̸̢̨̡̨̨̢̢̡̡̡̧̡̨̡̧̧̨̡̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̮̻͓͈͚̬͕̠͎̪̪̠̳̬̼̩̥͕͖̯̻͎̦̳̟͍̞̼̩̦̬͙̰̹͈͎̲͓̱̬̱͓̻̻͉͎̙̮̠̜̟̫͙̞̼̮̳̫̦̳̘̝̺̹̻̰̜̬̝̬̗̮̲͎͈͓̫̤̹͕͖̹̫͇̞̻̣̞͈̻̞͉̮̳̟͍͕͕͎̼̱̫̫͎͔͙̻͓͔͇̠̭̦̤̣̻̦̳̖̠̩͉͚̖͍̮̫̲͇͎̻̠̲̣̟̺͕͍̅̍̇̀̏͂̽͋͋̔̍̀̈̏̓͆͗̓͒́̂̂͋̀̾̀͋͊̒́̎͑̓̄́̅͌͂͋̎̋̐̒̉̀̇̾͌̋̑̇̿͑̈̿̃͛̄͛̿͒̽͒̄͌́͆̊̂͒͌̆͂̔̾̄̏͂͒͊̄͋͆̒͂̄́͊̅͆͛̎̑͂̉̆̇̅̉̇̌̊͛͒͑̍̋͂̎̐͌̔̐̒̀̒̐͂̽̀̈̽̂͒̑͆͌̌͐̎͑͋̓͋͆̃͂̄̂̋̋̊͛͛̊͑͊̓̈̄̄̅̿͊̋̂͌̀͆̒͊́͆̎̇̅͌̓͊̃͐̒͗͆͑̄̌͂̋͋̽̂͆̈̿̃͒͛̿̋̊̉̎̾̐̅̏̆͗̎̿̅̊̚̚͘̕̚̚͘͘̕̚͘̕͘͘͘͘̚̚͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͠͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͠͝ͅͅͅͅ8̸̡̧̨̨̧̨̧̨̢̡̢̨̨̧̡̢̢̨̨̢̧̛̛̛̛̫̼̫̤̖͎̰͓͍͎̦̺͕̺̪̠̳͓̬͈͈͍̪͈̻̳̻̱̩̯͔̯̖͎̟͔̳̰̳̞̹̬̮̯̲͈̙̩̣͈̝̲͉̜͔̱͚̤͖͓͎̳̦̠̼͕͔̤̞̹̜̯͉̺̣̗͉̟̦̖̩̲͉̺̪̯̩̰͖̱̻͍̱͈̰̹̘͈͙̙̻̥̠̬̯̲̙̤̣̤̝͇̘͍̲͉̟̻͇̝̗̱̙̩̝̯̤̹͚̤̠͉͚̗̻̼̹̳̠̻͍̬̣̻͎̪̯̱͙̠͉͓̤͕͈̥̟̫̰̫̠̝̫͎͖͉͔̺̫̦̤͍̮͖͕̲̤̳̗̲̻̱͚͍̭̣̟͕̜̘̜̙̈̑͑̾̍͑̈́̂̍̑̀̋̑͗̆̾̈́̓̆̑̽̏́͒̃̓̓̃͋̐̌̇̈́͑̃̄̋̽͋̓͋͊̈́̀̌́́́̓̒̉̏͂͊͒͐͐͒̂͋̐̆̏̊̍̂̎͌͆͛̿̊̅͋͂̃̊̍̉̇͑͊̑͂͆́͌͛͂͌́̾͆̈͐̚̕̚͘͘̚͜͜͝͝͝͠͝͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅ8̷̡̡̡̢̨̡̧̧̢̢̢̨̢̢̧̨̡̢̧̢̨̡̧̨̧̡̧̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̟̥̗̭̻͔͓̦̠̹̜̝̞̘̫̦͔̦̩͙͔̦̩̦͔͚̞̳̝͔̜͈̰̰͔͉͍͍͍̻̱̪̤̩̞̭̘̖̼̰̣̜̞͕̫̟̱̰̦̲͉̻̗̮̼̖̗̞͍̹̮͉̜̬͇̻̭̭̹͖̥͇̰̣̼̼̼̹͎̩̪̼̯͚̼̮̜̺̩͖͔͍̣̘̠̳̫̬͚̺͖̮̪̠͖̙̮̻̺̻̲̗̬̫̩̭̤̟̙͚̪̰̱̠͙͔̰̬̻̲̠̝̮̗̘̻̩̤͔̹͖̰͙̖̞̝̥̭̝̜̜̯̱̯̙̝͕͕̜̭̩̬͎̺̲̣̜͎̦̘̼̜̮̯͖̣̰͚͔̹̪̬̙̱̞̤͚̩̲̯̮̱̤̺͎̟̳͇͈̼̝̭͙̮̩̫̼̲̘̩̫̖̼̬͙̘͙̜͈̼̫̻̺̠̞̘̙̤͒̋̈́̓̅͂̄̊̈́̓̈̆͆̅͒͐͒́̐̄̅̋̉̋́͊͌͐́̔͆̓̽̾̌̐̎͂̆̉́̒́̍̎̈́͊̆͆̎̄̃͂̄̊͑̾̍̉̇́́̊̎̐̾̐͂̌̇̈̓̒͐̇͂̑̃̽̉̒̆̆̂͒̃̏͌͌̉̾̏̃͂̍̄̂̑̿̆͆̊̂͂̓͋̋̒͋̌̆͌̉̑̓͂̏̿͂̃̏̃̑̃͊͛̄̽͌̔̊͛̈̌̒̔̋̉̆̽̃̿̂̆̀̉̑̅̊̋͒̿̀͌̕̚͘͘̕̚̕̚̚̚͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͠͝͠͝͝͠͠͝͠͝͠͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅ ̷̧̡̨̢̨̢̢̢̨̢̧̨̢̨̨̨̨̡̡̨̡̧̡̢̢̡̢̢̛̛̛̛̳̯̣̼̻̰͓̬̬̖͖͈̻̘̦͓̱̗̬̝̟̼̖̝̤̳͖̥̠̯̯̺̹͇͚̞͉̖̝̹͚̹͔̫̙͈͖̻̳̤̻̙͕̳̘͖̟̤͉͍̬̗͎̣̳̖̦̲̰̬͕͖̥̥̬̦̘̹̗̯͎͙̤̹̖̦͎͎̗͖̱̥̘͈̞͔̞̣̞̮̞̪̹̱̩̖͇̲͙͉̫̰̟̻̙̩͉̞͍͔̙̦̝̦̣̳̝͈͎͓̠̳̩͙̖̳͇͇̼̙͇̠̗̦̜̲̗̮̪̦̙̝͓̲̥̻̱̘̯̞̯͙̗͕͈̘͚̲͕̗̙͓̠̼͎̝̟͕͙͙̳̹͔̗͇̖͕̗̻̥̲͙̞͚̺͈̦̮͇͉͕͎̟͎̞̰͕͈̦̫͛̔͌̽̔͆͐͑̎͒̂̃̒̾͒͐̎̌̎̓̈́͋̀̆̃̀̀̉̉̀̋̊̀̽͂͌͊̑͌͒̈́̅̂͗̓̿͊̌̔͂̃̓̀̊̇͑͛̒̃̆̉̂̀̐̌̿̉̓̄̂̌̆̐̂̊̃͛́̎̐̍͌̑͊̄̋͛̊̉̎̉̂͊̽̇̆͌̒̐̍͌̄̿̀͛͗̏͛̑̐̉̾͋̈̆̀̇̽̐̌̽̎̊̾̋̊̎̆̃̑̄̇̆͂͋͑͋̊̉̀̀̌̑͑̑̌̀̓̒͑̋̽̆̂͂͌̇͊̉͋̔̏̓̇́̀̍͌̃̿̕̚̕̚̕̕̕̚̚̚̕͜͜͜͜͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͠ͅͅͅͅͅͅ8̵̧̨̛͔̝̜̞̦̟̩̣̅̋͗̄̎̓̃̆̈́̍͛̽̍͋̈̀̓̒̋̈́̎̎͂͐̄̓͒̔̃́̍̀̓̓̿͋͐͐̈́̄̓̄̃̾̒̒̇͐̊̋̔̾͋͗̒̓̋̇̇̏̒̉̈͛̾̏͛̊̑̓̔͌̆́̔͆̿͒̽̄͘͘͜͝͠͝ͅt̸̨̡̡̢̡̢̨̧̨̢̨̢̢̧̨̢̧̢̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̲̮̺̯̺̭̖̺̙̺͇̭̤̭͚̯̫͇̰̠̞̙̝̝̗̹̭̙̳̘̙͖̻̥̪͉̺͔̼̼̜̗͖̤̠͍͚͎̞̮̮̻̫̦̦̹̤̘̭̳̤͖͙̮͙̩͔̤̬͖̝̹̯̙̙͈͉͇͖̲̺͇̟͙̙͖͇͖͙̱̫̝̯̦̼̜̗̬̤͉͍̭̬͕̰͎̳̬̘̻̠̭͓̫̣̠̻̟̲͓̎͊̈́̈́́̓͂͌̈́̿͗͌̃̌͗̈́̿̈́̀̆́̑̓̔́͐̐͒̀̎͛̓̏́̆̃̓͐̋̇͐̔̈́̓̑̓͋͑̅̋͒͒̈͌͒̿̏̆͋̀̆̀̀͆̊͐̀͒̔̃̀̊̽̃̆͒͋́̅̒͗̒̑̋͂͌͂̋͆͋̐̔̾̊̓̏́̃͌̌͐͛͗̐͌̌̃̐͊̆̎̂͐͂̕̕̕̚̚͘̚̕͘̕͜͜͜͜͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝ͅͅͅģ̵̨̧̡̨̨̧̧̢̢̨̡̨̡̡̢̡̧̢̡̡̤̠͔͓͖͕͙̭̞͇͚̼͓̰̝͍͖̱̬̭͚̹̣͔̝̤̠͎̼̳͍̙̮̯͇͈̜̬̗̱̹͇̪͕͈̟̲̟̱̤͔͉͍̻͔̭̞͚̯͈̙̙̹̙̠̫̞̖̲̲̭̘̝̖̲̯̙͓͉̝͇̰̣̤̳͚͍͔̳̘͍̟͙̜͚̟͚̝̣̹͎̖̟̤̯̜͙̞͖̰͙͕̹̝͔̗̲̱̟̤̜̤̠̬̼͓͈̰̺̠͉̺̯͍̰̣͈̟͓̥͎̘͍̘̠̞͇̤̰̥͖̟̣̗̮͖̼͖̳͚͉̯̺̹̻̹̫̹̗͈̖̻̥̼̮͉̤̬̻͉͙̝̪͙̥̞̩̺͇̝͇̫̻͓̣͔̺̰̫̪̯̘͓͙͖̣͔̪̰̜͖̪̺͇̺͔̝̱͉̞̺̜̦̻̰̻̞̖͂̄̍͋̒͗̈̓̾̌͗̈́̽̌̃͗̈́͐͆̎̈́̑̌͊̒͗͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͠ͅͅͅͅͅͅư̸̢̡̧̧̨̨̡̨̢̡̢̢̨̧̧̨̛̭̪͖̬̩͉̣̮̼͓͕̖̝̤̻̞̮͚̬̩̩͈̪͚͎̟̻̥̮̮͖̹̟̬̼̻͎̤̙͓̩̞̲̯͕͔͍͎̣̣̪̳̞̟̫̯͕͚̖̥͇̝̥̰͔͎̞̹̞̩̠͙̟͐̍̿͑̄̓͑͐̅͂̐͋̈̊͂̏͌̀̇̈́͆̐̆̊̈́̾͛̄̊̾̎̏̉̉͊̽̽̌̏̋̀́͆̎̃͛̿̓̏͋̑̃̚͘͘͘͘̚̕͜͜͜͜͜͝ͅͅͅg̴̢̧̨̡̧̧̧̡̨̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̳̥̥͚̖̖̲̣͍̠͎͖̰͎̩̯͖͍͕̙̜͚̻̼̼̖̼̲̭̮͉̖̤̞̻̖͚̘͕͉̭̙͇̼̯̪̗̤̤̠̥͇͙̦̭̦̲̘̰͎̗̰͊̎̐̈́͗̏̉̌̽̾͆̂̑̒̉̐̔̽̒͑́̽͛̆̇̏́̔̊̇̂̇̽͑̎͊̈̊̏͐͊̀̌̽̏͆͑͆̏̃̅͆̀̇̉̑̽͌͌̒̅̿̆̂̎͛̎̒͆̈̂̏̏̈̌̌͒̌̒̈͑̆̇̃̿̏͑͗̈́͐̄̾́̊̑͐̄͑̉̐̐͗̀̄̾̾̇̾̏̌̍̐̅̉̈̎͆̄̿́̒̔̍͂͊̿̇͗̉͐̉̽͌̏͑̌̂̑͑̎͊̎̈͊̌̆͗͌̾̍̍̔̆͗̐̆͌̍̈̓̃͋̑̂̂͒̃͌͑̃̿̇͐̑̾́̔͆̉̆͐͗̐̏̂̇̎̐̂̈̉̇̀̿̀̍̆̉͂͗̄̏̏͂͛͂͒͗̓̀̋̎̊̇͑̃̅͊̅̈̚͘̕̚͘̕̕̕̚̕̚̕͘̕̚̚͘̕͘̚̚͘̕͝͝͝͠͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠ͅǎ̵̢̨̛̛̛̛̞̘͇̞̲̯̞̬͌̊̋̓͐̂͒͐̍͋̒̈́͑̽̊̌͒͂͊̈̀͛̇͂͑̾͋͌͆͌̉͊̂̌̈͛̓̔̽͐͐͆̈́̐̀́͗̀̓̾̀̿̀͊̄̓̓̎͐̇͑̄͛̀̓̉̐̊̑̋̊̏͋̎͂͐̃̔̿͑͌́͗̄͌͐̽̽̒̔̅̾́̋̔͊̊̆̏͂͋̅̾͋͌͂͛͆̄̎̊̔̃̌̄̔̐̒̅̽̒͌̇̓͊̊̇͊̑̏͊̌͂͒͐̆̽͑̀̌̆̄̄̉͛̅͋͌͑̇̾̽͂̿̀͌͂̽͒̀͗͑́̃̔̍̃̌͛̋̾͗̊̽͛̐͑̕̚͘̕̚̕͘͘͘͘̚̚̕̚̕̕͜͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͝a̵̢̡̧̢̢̧̨̨̧̨̨̡̨̡̨̢̧̧̧̨̛̛̩͎̗̠͔͕͓̗̱̰͎͔̯̹̜̮̥̥͕͎͍̤̦̹̦͕̘̜̺͈̺͕͙̹͓̬͉̭̞̲͕̦̰̫̠̗̮̻̩̯̖̳͖̻̭͓̦͓̱̙̩̳̘͍̼̬̰̫̩̞̮̖̣̳̱͍̼̟̟͈̳̺̗̝͉̭͓̦̭̥̳̤͓̟̬̭̥̤̗̹̣̦̞̪̣̣̠̯̭̮͙̲̘̲̲̬̻͔̮̘̗͙̥̮̒̈́̾́͗̄̇̓̓̽̄̉̽̒̄̆͆̊̿̿̋̿͊̀̏̃͋̃̅̐̎͒̍̃̒́̒̆̉̌̽̍͌̋͆̑̋̈͆̀͂͋̍̇̔̐͋̂͗͛̔̽̿̔͂͆̑͌̽͗̈͆̑̑̊̍̑̅́̏̌̂̊̽͌̌̌̾̿́̿̇͗̍̀͐̌̑͘̚͘͘͘̕̕͘̕̕̚̚͘͘̚͜͜͝͝͝͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅ ̷̧̢̨̧̧̨̨̧̡̡̡̧̨̨̨̧̢̧̡̧̡̠͖͓̖̲̩͓̭̤̖͈̣̼̮̩̩̝͔̳̪̹̥̫̭̼̥̤̠̳̖̣̟̗̤͇̤͇̞̯̗̦̠̼̦͔̩̭͎͇̥̭͕̫̯̗̦͇͈̜̘̙͎̪͙͍̠͈̜͈͖̦͖͙̣͙͈̤͕̰̳̤͖͖͖̲̫͓̥̱͉̭̜̘̘͙͉̙̝̼̝̤̺̺̘̠̥͇̝̹̺̪̰͖̖͚͎̬̻̥͍̫̺̮͈̻͚͕̟̜̺̜̫͍̲̠̱̰̩̟̪̘̓̀́͗͋̈́̔͐̍̈́͊̄̄͋̍͗͐͑́̈́͒̌́̍̋́̆́̀̈́̀͊̏̅̿̎̀̓̆̊̈́͒̈́͒͐̋̓̊̾͐͊̏̐͗̎̀̅͗̋̏͂̑̋͐͂̕̚͘̚̚͘͜͜͜͝͝͠͝͠͠͝͝͝͝͝͝ͅḍ̵̢̡̡̧̢̡̡̧̧̧̡̧̡̢̢̧̨̧̢̛̛̛̦̗̭̺͎̤̖̦̻̘͕͔͈͖̺̬̗̫͉̟̹̜̫̱̦̪̖̱̝͔̰̱̩̬̲̙̤͉̟͕̜̬̮̭͍͎̬̬̱̫͎̗̖̖̙̭̼̦̫̯̝͎̳̗̬̠̩̥̱̱̯̫͔̰͚̺̦̩̥̪̤̭̠̥̞̻͕͙̲̙̗͚̻͎͕̹͚̭̜̰̙̗͈̻͔͓͔̤̯͙̳̲͇̮͉̤̻̘̪̙͖͚̰̦̟̝͓̟̳̖͕̳̖̟͚̥͎̹̯̺̫̱̰͎̲̮̽̅̾̑̂̒̾̈́̀̅̊͂̏͑̅̓̏̉̈́͑̀̈́̀͛̓̑̓͗̌̿̓̎̓̃͐̂̂̐̓̑̒̐́̏͆̋̉̋̌̐̅̔͐͒̌͌̈̑̍̒̔̆̅͆̿̈̍̀̎͗͑͐̓̿͆̉̔͐͗̿̀̊̔̄͐̉̆͋̌̾̇̌̌̈̒̽̔̏͑̐̄̏͆̔̾̓͊̉̄̾̓̒͌̆̔͘͘̕̚̚̕̕͘̕̚͘͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͠ͅͅͅͅd̸̡̨̧̢̢̨̡̨̨̧̡̡̡̡̨̢̡̛̛̛̛̟̣̖̹͖͎͍͇͚̳̻̰̞͉̫̟̻̖̦̤̘͙̙̝̗̯̳̫̖̫̪̪͈̥̺̥̪̬̪̺̮̮̗̦͉͚͎̳̜͚̯͉̘̮̩̺̼̼̫̬͎̱̖̘̮̲̮̹̟̮͈̮̬̮̝̱̝̟̯̙̬̙̜̦̝̰̩̮̰̰̠̘̞̩͖͔̣͚͎̻̘̠̣͚̘̥̤͚̱̞̬̖̠̞̭̯̪̯̥̤̙͉͈͉̪̠̙̞̙̞̼̤͔̳̳̩͚̥̜̼͓̝̮̲̬̮̙̱̥̟͕͉͙̩̱͕̠̭̥̣̟͍̹͎̤̥̘̳͉̣̜̻̻̬͓͙͓̪̩̯͈͙͔͍̮̳͔̱̮̝̤̘̙̼̻̙̯̞̩̣̤̦̯̝͍̹͈̬̳͍͎̺̳̥͕͉̥̺͇̩̯̹̹̫̫̲̳̲̙̪̬̘̬̱͇̥͖̰̻͇̗͚̼̱̙̘̼̫͓̣̩̞͎̹͍̥̞̎̓̃̓̍͌̀̎͋̋̌̿̀́͐́̽̀̈́͑͂̎̃̽̒̒̾̑̔̓͆̌́̒̾͒͒̎̑̎͗͗͛͐̇͆̉̀͛̎͗̔̍̈̈͌̾͑͑͑̌̔̌͋̉͂͂̒̇̇̿̀͐̅͆͐͂̂̎́̅̇̆̾̆͐̊̂̏͗̃̄̉̉̃̿̑̂̓̔̊̏͌̋͂͆̄̅͌̔̏̉͋̎̏̌̾̀̑̂̀̔͂̀̕͘͘̚̚̚̕͘͘͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͠͝͠͝͠͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅ ̸̡̨̛̛̛̛̜͔̜̜̼͔͍̺̉̊̓̑͐̉͐͑͋̈́̓̇͐̏̌̌͒̉͑͋̅̈́͛̿͊̓̎̂͂̓̅̓̿̓̑̽͗͊̿̀͛̅̉̋̄̅̀̅̽͑̆̎̄̂͒͑̈͆́͐͂̔̐̄̍̊̋͊̓̄̍͐̋̔̒̾̿̃̂̆̎̍̔̋͂͋͌̋̂͒̉̉̾͛̓̀̈̅̽̅̔̐̊̅̿͑͛̌͑̽͛̀̇̋͆̑̌͛̈̋͗͂͊̾̽̕̚͘̕͘̕͜͝͝͠͝͝͝ŗ̵̢̨̡̢̨̧̨̢̡̧̨̛̛̛̛̟̬̣͖̥̦̠͚͈̹͇̞̜͉̫͚̜͔̱̺͉̺͕̱̜͙̘̖̱͉̙̠̺͖̬̤͙̲̝̮̱̟̰͕̣͈̭͉̩̲̺̲̬͎̫͙͉͖͕̞͚̙̭̪͇̝̘̟̯̻̩̲̪̲̤̣͉̫̭͍͚̠̫̖̬̫̩̰̝͙̰̘͖͖͉̻̝͕̫̔́̿̐̒̂̈̐̃̎̊̀̓̈́̄̃͆͆̒͋̅͐̈̿̍͐̂̆̀̌̉̉̍͛̎͌͛̃̋̌̐͂̏̽͑͛́̒͑̾̎͗̅͗̀̅́̾́͗̔̉͐͊̑̓͛͐̐̀̏̃͆͌̉̍̔́̔͐͐̃͌̎̔͐̊͐̑͋̉̋͗̈͌̓̐̇̽̔̋̇̇͊̌̑͛̄̌̃̑́̉͒͆̐͒̾͛̃̉̓̄̒̉̍͗͋̇̂͌̒̃̽̔̏̍̊͂̅͌̿̔̀͊̒̾̔̃͌͒̓̑̿͑̇̏͆͑̓͒̓̌͂̑̐̅̇̊͒͑̀͊̾̂̍̀̾̈̅͛̎̾̆̆́͛͂̔̐́̽̅̇̄̉̾̆͑͊̆̃̍̒̎͋̅̎̌̕̚̕͘͘̚̚̚̕̚̚͘̕̚͘̚͘̚̕̕̕̕̚͜͜͜͝͠͝͝͝͠͠͠͠͠͝͝͝͠͝͝͠͝͠͠ͅ8̷̧̡̡̡̢̧̢̨̨̧̡̢̨̧̡̡̧̢̢̧̡̡̧̧̧̢̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̹̪̣̮̠͕̝͚̩̱̹͙̖̤͓̗͙͉͇̹̳̯̥͓̖̠͖̪͍̼̪͚̹̺̩͇͍͕͈̳͈̮̹͈̙̪͙̙̪͍͉͔̯̬̰̩̤͕̙͙̫͎̫̫͉̪͕̗̝͉̬͖̘͇̖̣͕͉̟̼͈̪̙̝̩̮̳̼͔̲̞̬̝̗̘͖̗͉͈͚̗̣̪̠̭͕̳̝̦̼̞̠̙͚̠̯̬͚̳̙̞͔͕͔̹͖͈͈̠͎̜̺̹͎̞̥̹̰͔̻̺̘͍͓̘̥̦̯̙͉͍̻̣̗̱͉̝̹̥͍̖̠̮̟̟̱̭͙̦̹̺̟͕̬̺͖͚̦̝̦̖͈͇̲̞͈̠͚̠̫̮̮̻̘͙̝̿̿̓͌͌̽̔̋̏̊̐̇̅̓̊̌̉̾́̐͊́̆̈́̓̈́͊́̎́̓̑͑̈́͛̆̌̊͌̓̋̃͗̍̊̄̑̂̔̇͐̔̌͒͂́͗͆̇̃͊̈̾̐͐̓̐͑̀͐̏͑̀͒͑́̅͐̿̇̾͆͆̽́̐̐̎̉̐͂̉̏̊̿̂͛̋̅̄͛̒̀̒͑͋̃̓̎̋͋̀̎͋̐̋͛͑̃̐̊͋͒̎̃̿̊͆͋̾̃͌̇̿̓̏̇̏͂͐́̄͊̇̿̍͌̏̀̐̄̋̆̓͂̔̉̇̇̄͗̒̇̅̋̿͊̆̏̎́̇̀͗̽̾̾̎̍̌͂͒̄̊͊̅̒͆͛̾͗̀̐͒̍͋̍̆̾͂̎̄͑̆̇̾͘̚͘͘͘͘͘͘̚͘̚͘̕͘͘͘͘̚̕͘̕̕͘͜͜͜͝͝͠͝͠͠͠͠͝͠͝͠͝͝͠͝͝͝͝ͅͅͅ8̷̡̨̡̨̧̨̨̨̢̨̢̨̨̧̛̛̛̛̮͔͍̣͇̜̼͍͎̦̯̭͙̹͇̞̩̟̖̫̯͓̩̮̩͈͍̯͇͚̺͕̭̺̟̬̻̻͎̮̖̩̬͉̘͇̠̣͚̠͙̞͍͕̟̺͚̦͙̺͍̙̪̪͎͓͈̲̞̱̜̺̺͔̩͇͎̝̬͙̹͎̩̲̼͍͈̥̗̣̤̠̱̠̲̤͍̪̻̪̞͖̙̰̭͖̝̝̱̖̭̭̫̺͖͙̝̳̩̦̺̪͓͍̫͔̹̱̼̰̼̥̟͕̞̰͚̣̰̬̱̜͉̙̦̞̬̐̽̇̒̉̈́́̂́͆̉́̽̂̽̑̊͆̓̔̍̈́̽͂͆͋̿̄͒̾̓̇̇͆̏͌̔̆́̿̋̓͒̀́͌̆̃̂̑̌͋̄̋̂͗̊̉͛̉̔̎̾̉̆͋̋̄̎͒̏͆͗̔̈͆̒͊̋̽̇̎͊̄͒͐̚͘̚͘͘̕̚͘̕͘͜͠͝͠͠͝͝͠͝͠ͅ ̴̧̢̨̢̛̛̛͕̲̫̮̗̙͇͎̭̯͓̼̟̲̳̟̘̘̖̝̯͈͖͔̭͕̰̟̪̰͔̗͇̠̭͉͓̦͉̬̦̙͈̼̘̖̱̠̙̭͓̲̮̺̠̯̤̥͈̱̲͚̼̱̞̘̙͚̥̩̳͓̜̦̝̫̬̞͖̯̪̤̥̱̫͖̜̗̺͙̼̭͇̳͕̝̹̦̞̫̘̙͈̮͈̤̒͐̅́̌͐̀̓͒͐́̆̓̇̌́̀͂̌̅̓̌͋̈́͋̐͆͑̀͋͐̾̽̄͗̀́͆̀̀̈́͐̓̏̇̿͊̑̈̇̅̔͛̾̉̈̀̄̌̆̏̽̇͋̏̿̊̌̀̌̔́̋͂͊̅͌͆̊̀̉͌̂̂́́͋͊͒̄̋͗̈͒̏̀̊͆̇̒̓̾̍̀̃͑̓͗̋̊̃̌͂̋͒̔̀̍͒̿̍̒̀̃͆̅̐̒͋̉͒̒͑͋͛̌͒̈͂́͒̔̅̀͂̆̓́̃͊͛̀͆̿͑̐̈̉̐̂̈̃͒̅͂͐̎͛̐͊̑̿̆͑̉̓͂͐͑͂̋̍̓͊̋̿͆̀̽͌̀̉̌̀͗̋͂͛̕̕̚͘͘̚̚̚͘̚̕̚̚͜͜͠͠͝͠͝͠͝͝͠͠͠͝͝͠͝͝͠͠ͅ8̸̨̧̨̧̨̡̧̢̨̢̢̧̨̢̢̧̛̥̹̝̱͔̫̰̟̝̙͇̟̤͇͇̞͈͚̺̦̼̪̣͉̰̘͈̠̗̜͈͚̖̙̖͔̦̘͓̼̤̼̲͕̙̻̲͎̯͓͚̲̺͙̮̹̪͉̲͉̭̼͙̜̖͎̞̘̞̘̰̻̘̳̠̺̲͔̫̮̼̹̯̝̦̭̗̙̳̺̟̜̲̭͎͉͖̝͙̻͇͖̳̞̝̟̞̣͍̟̹͍͎̱͙͕̱̥̣̩̟̼̭̳̘̳̩͎͙̥͔͕̮̩͓͈̘̬͓̻̳͚̗̘͉͇͍̬͍̩͙̠͔̪̬̖͚͉͚͍̬̝̫̞̘̞̟̘̮̙̭̙̹̹̩̬͍͙̬̝̪͍̖̭̟̺̼̳̰͚͎̙͙͍̹̤͈̰̃̈́̅̈́͗͌͊͊̉̈́͊̈́̓́̒͗̅̀͛͗̓̽̀͐̄̈́̋̔̇̅̈́̉͑̃̈̓̉̎̽͛͂̍̈́͊͌̾̆͛̔͗́̓̈̆͆͛̆̇͌̿͊̄̈̎̃͋̀̔͂̓̔̂̿̌͑̅̓̍͋̿̈̅̈̀̀͘͘̕͘̕̚͜͜͜͠͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅẗ̷̢̢̧̧̧̡̛̛̛̛̰̞̞̖̱͈̭̼̰̼̘͍̘̜͔̥̩̱̪̙̻̙̼̦̹͍̺̭̥̱̟͉̝̟̫̜̤̝̯̪̖̱͈͈̺͙̬̪̰̣̪̙̟̖́̒̉̀͗͒̔̑̅̌̽͋̆̈́̇̿̔͐̑̉̿́̉̇̽̍́̀̀̄̊̊͌̽͆͑̉̍̿̓̾͒͊̈̎̄̈́̉̎́̉̈̿̋͊̑̂͂̌̂̒̈̔͒̍̌̊̐̔̇̎̾̍̉͗̔̆͂͊͊̅̎̂͆̿̏̂̿̍̃͗̉̇̍͂͌́̀̐̾̽̃͗̄͑͂͑͂̿̓̌̽͆̓̏͛͒̋̊̍͂́̏̐̀͆̏̓͊̋̄̋̍̑̂͂̾̑̈̿̎͗͌̀̉̊̎̀͆́́̄͆̇͑̋̀̾̐̐̃̊̌͌͐͗̀͛͊̀͐͊̽̂̾̃͋͊̓̽͋́̽͊̕͘̕̚͘͘͘̕̕͘̚̚̚̚͜͝͠͝͝͠͝͠͝͝͠͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͠͝͠͝͝͠g̵̨̨̧̡̧̡̧̢̡̢̨̧̢̧̢̡̡̢̢̢̢̢̛̭͍̫̣̱͉̝͙̤̱͚̙̮͕͍̙̩̖͚͙̜͕͓͇̥̣̯͇̣̥̘̳̫̘͕̹̺̭̲̘̰̥͖͔̲̪̫͇͕̗̹̜̠̼̠̺͚̺̹̤͙̜̖̖̺̜̩̫̯̤̬̣͚̘͎͈͍̼͖̬̟͍̙̦̫̤̬̻̖͙̹̹̖̖͔̗̣̯̯̱̠̗̜̲̲̤̱̱̥̮̪̖̻̮͍̞̝͇͓̝̼͍̥̜͇͙͓̥̥̤̤͓̱̜̙̰̞͈̟̟̳̭͕̥̯͔̼̤̠̦̭͙̫̲̮͖͈̝͕̙͎̮͎̦̻̪͎͖̣͓͇͚̙͓̳͔̟͇̫͚̱͕̰̩͙̖͍̤͍̲̲͇͈̱͍͖̞̃͆̃͗̀̂́̐̔̉̏̄͗̏͋̽͒́̀̂͐̾̎̅̒̇̇̑̑̏̌̃̑̋͛͂̓̆̈́̆̔͛͊̉̐̄̂̆͂͑͋͐̉́͋͗̅̚̕̚͘͜͝͝͝͝͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅủ̴̢̙̰͓͕͖̳̰̯͚͎̬̜̝͙̤͎̝̭̞̜̰͚͍̪̥̰͂͑̀͆̽͜͜g̴̡̡̧̨̢̢̢̨̡̡̡̨̢̢̡̛̛̛̛̛̛͓̤͙͚̱̞̲̝͎͖̟̱͚̼̱̫̺̱̤̞̱̥͚̖͕̳͈͇̤̮̞͙̩̝͓͎̠͎͇͙̙̜͖̻̦̹̪̞͓̳̯̣̠̗̤̞͔̫̘̦̘̰͇͍͎̤͔̠̯͚͉͍̫̼̹̩̘͔̟̤̙̮̦͇̺̰̣͔̟̫͍͕͈̱͚̥̭̱͇͍̼̫͉̼͎̺̩̝͚̬͚̰̥̙͔̟̻͈͖̙̘̞͕̭͕͚̤͈̝̼̹͕̠̙̟͇̞̪̯͖̱̱̩̣̝͈̙͓̮͇̘̲͍͉̤̬̩̯̲̦̜̳̻̙̩̟̖͙̗̠̞̪̻̬͉̺̟̜̙̠͎̮̱͖̗̳̼̲̰͉̻̘̦̳͔̯̪̱͔̭͓͕̣̹̠̲̪̙͎͎̭͖͙͕̗̞̮̥̦̬̹̭̙̈́͒̊̂̓́̊̌͂̉͑̀̔̿͊͆͂͋̐̍͋̀̊̔̽͋̐̊̀̑̈̀̀̇̈́̅̐̄͆̇̓̓̊̓̀̂͐́͊̌̍̋̽̃͋̏̋͆͑̽̊̏̄͊̓́͒̏̀̇͑̓͂̎̏̋̾̂̌̎̉̂͌̇͂͋̇͒̅͑̾̿̑̔͑͋̆̅̋̔̈̏̇̋̽͐̀̓̀͒̏̇̐̾͋̒͆̈̐͆̿̓̉̅͑͐̿̑͐̽̆̓̽̂͆̄̔̍̎͘̚̕͘͘͘͘̕͘̚̕͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͠͝͝͠͝͝͝͠͠͝͠ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅǻ̷̢̨̡̢̨̨̛̛̛̲͍̗̘͍̻̯͔̟̼͓̘̦̤̭̭͖̥͕̟̘̙̺͔͕̹̜̟̖̯̩͚͐̍̈́̒̋͑̊͗̈́̈̔̋̓͌͆̒̈́̽̇̄͑̒͂͛̓̂͆̉̋̂͒͐́̋̋̍̋͂̔̐̋́̾͛̈́̊͗͋͗̐͋͊̒̈͑́͑̂̐͊̌͋̋̔͐̓̈̌̓̑̀͒͆̇̎̑̄̓̆̏̔͂̏̇̔̅̔̽̕͘̚̕̚͘̚͜͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͠͝͠ą̸̨̢̡̧̧̨̡̢͙̪͓̗̳̗̣̟̼̠͕̦̩͔͍͔̫̪͇͚̯̖͖͉͉̻͎̼̰͕̞̩͍̱̠̤̳̜̣̌̔͑̽̍͜ͅͅͅ ̸̡̨̡̡̛̛̛̛̛̖̰̠͕̜͕̱͉̙̲͕̮̺̘̮̤̜̝̩̖̓͒͑͛̎̓͛̇̑̓̒͋̽͋͊͊͂̂͂͛̊̒́̓́̒͌͋̋̎͛̃́̽͂̍̾̈̑͊̀̈́̐̈́͑͒͌̀̔̔̿̀͐͐͂̾̓͐͒̄̀̀̽̌̅͐̅͐̅͒͂̑̃͐̋̃̓̈̎̒̈̇́̾̆͒̓͛͛̂̀̏̇͑͗̎̀̀̃̓̀͗͋̃̊́̿͑̆̑͐̽̊̋͒͌͂͆̃̑̒́̂́̎̍̿̊͗͌̀̿̄̉͘̕̕̕̚͘̕̚̕͘̕͜͜͝ḋ̴̡̢̨̧̠̠͕̖̰͚͚̳̠̗̠̬̮͓͖̓̅̏͗́̌͂̊̈́͗̿͐̄̍̓͛̑̑̂̄̔͆͒́̔̈́̑̈́͐̉͑̿̓̃͐̉̿̃̿́̿́́́̐͛̿͗̄̆̔̄̔̚͘͘͠͠͝͝͝ͅͅḑ̷̨̝̬̱̘͈̱̣͙̼̺̟̗̓̉͂̄͊͋͊́͊̂͌͑̃͐̇͌̋̽̋͝͠ ̶̡̛̪̗̙̙̻̈̀͗̓̎͂̉̃̐̎̔͐̏͆̎͐̂͂̒̀͗̐͐̋̈́̉̐̑̔̃̏̈́͊͗͋̈́̋͆̂͑͑͋̓̓̅͂͌̍͂͂̉̄̉́͗̆̃̂̽̿̏̇̓̑̚͘̚͘̕͘̚̕͝͝͝͝͝͝ŗ̴̨̨̢̡̢̡̛̛̝̭͓͔͚̫͚̘̦̮̙͈͚̗̺̣̠̼̩̘̹̯̱̥̫̼͉͈̫̯͇̫̙̫̫̣̟̜̱͈̮͍̫͇̙͚̰͕̥̺̘̥͈̠̫̞̜̹̪̭̹̗̣̭͚̩̖̝͉͇̝̰̣̞͙̞̘̥̻̦͉̲̬͙̠̃͊̂̈́̒̐͐̇͌̽̊͆̽̄̓̉̃̽̋͆̄̍͌͌̀̓͗̑̈́̚͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͠ͅ8̴̢̡̡̧̧̧̨̨̨̧̢̢̨̡̨̨̛̛̛̛̥̜̻̖̙̻͕̝͔̰̻̬̘̖̰̱̠̪̮̟̗̫̤͖̭̹̝̼̙̥̮̞͎͕͈̹͚͇͍̗͓̞̰͎̳̼̘̫̻̺̙̪͉̲̪̙̹̰͉̘̬̩͓̺̭̺̺̫̘̝̭̮͙̣͔̱̳̳͕̥̝̮̳͉̹̝̩͙̤̮̫̟͍͙̟̞̪̳̞̙̟͍̝̤̲̞̟̲̠̣͉͓̟̺̳̩̫͕͎̥̆́̀͗̈̂͊̈́̆̄̂̐̃̃̏̍͒̔͂̈́̓̆͆̄̑̽̽͂̌́̑̎̍̈́̆̒͑̂͊͆͒͋̒̓̀͋́̑̉̇̃̀͛̃̈̅̉̆͂̏̑̏͐̅̉̎͌͑́͆̅́̽̑̉̆͌̇̂̐̎̑̎̇̈̀͑͌̏͂́͌̽͋̒̌͌̽̅͒̂̀̿̿͑̆̄̕̚͘͘̕͘̕͜͜͜͠͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͝ͅͅ8̵̡̧̨̢̨̨̧̨̧̡̢̛̛̛̛̝̺͉̲͓̥͉̪̙͕̟̭͓̲̞̝̭̤̦̭̩̙̩͙̝̗͖̩͙̹̣̙̬̣̫͎̝̰̗̥͙̭̥̞̭̦͕͔̲̳͍͔̝̹͉̗͓͓̳͔͕͉̜̠̠̭͖̗̥͇̫͍̝͍͎̪̦̹̹̥̝̲͓̗͉̗̟̣̟̟̪̗̞͕̲͚̞̤̱̺̮̹̟͈͓̜̳̟̫͈̝͍̲͈̳̖̱̣̺͇̤̳̝̯̪̲͚̹̹̼̫͎̬̦̞̦̬̫̲͎͙͉̭͚̖̰̣̙̬͚͍̤̝̩̞̟͚̘͍̩̺̳̲̲͍͎̗̩̻̮͈͂̂͛̈͆̐͆̌̇̈́̄̆́̅͗̉̑̎̈́̏̃̏̐̍̂̽̉͒̀̆̿̒̾̓̿͌͛̽͐̆͆̔͆͑͑̄͗͊̀͊̓́̆̎͑̃̐̃̏̄̒́̊̄́̄̈̇̑̅̏́̿̂̂͛͊̐̓͒͊̒̐͐͗̄̽̌͑͌̄̋̇̃͆͛͐͋͂̊͛͗͊͑̎̑̋͌͛̎̎́͂̓͊̃̏̏͐̎̍͋̓͑͐͋͆́͐̏̊̔̂͊͘̕̚̚̕͘̚̚͘̕̚͘͜͜͝͠͠͠͝͝͠͠͠͝͝͠͝͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅ ̶̢̧̛̛̛̳̦̲̟͖͈̮̹͉̹̯͇͚̗̠̟̬̞̹̜͙̖̲̬͕̣̬̗̩̩̭̘̤̝̜͉̖̩̘̺͈̗̤͇̦̮̣̫̼̙̥̳̝͎͈̻̖̻̥̃̊̿͒͆͆́̅͊̈́̈̂̄̓̏͒͊̈́̏͛̅̊̒͌̌̀͒̋̈́̈́̈́̊̍͑͊̏̿̌̈̎͐̅̉̒̍̈̓́͛̇̌̑͊̓̌̔̂̃̎̃̒͒̾̒̆͐̅͒̇̽͆̋̉͐̉̒̌̿̀̾̎̀̇̇͆̓͗͛͂̂̂͑͋̽͌̄͌̀̇̒͊̂̊̔͛̐̍̽̾͌͆̽̔̑̄̂͑̓͋̎̎́̌̆̿́͆͗̔̅͊̐͋̈̍̽̓̅̑̀̒̊͗̔̂̀̊̆̉̌̏͂̑͒̽̄̎̑͊͒̀͂̾͌̓̂͊͑́͗̇͗̇́̌̾͂͆͗̕̕̚͘̕͘̕͘̚̕̕̕̕͘̕̕̕̕͠͠͠͝͝͝͝͠͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͝ͅͅͅ8̴̧̧̢̨̨̧̨̧̢̨̧̨̛̛̛̛̛̛͎̫͕̦̜̫̦̭͖̮̣͍̩͇͖̩̣̣̘̱͕̘͉̖̟̻͈͔̭̰͈͚͕̙̝̱̱̻͈̟͙̩͔͎͉̫̼̙̤͉̠̱̲̱͙̼̙̠̤͓̪͓̟͕͕̥̹̱̭͍̫̲͈̩͙͓͖̩͖̳̼͙̰̞̼̗͈̥̞͇̙̗̪͖͍͂̈̓͗̎͑̊̽̉̈́͋̉̈́͛͂͒̎̿̊̃̈́͆̊̂̽̔̑̋̀́̾͗͂̑͒̌̍̔̀̔̒̄̓̒̄́̔̒̑̈̍̌̇̔̋̃͆̅͗̈͒̉̄̾̎̀̈̑̂̍͌̌̉̄̾̌̎̽̂̔̄̏͗̋̅͑͂͛̃̍̏́̏̐́̒͑͌̀̅̌͋̽͋̏̍̆̈̏̔͒̔̔̂̽̔͋̿̌̒̆̊͗̉̃̀̅̔̿̋͆̉͂̾͂͐̏́͆̉͆͐͑̊̅͌͋̏̈͌̓͒̾̀͗̍͐̆͋́̑̒̂͌͐̓́͋̔̐̍̒́̃̃͌͐̈̎͛̐̀̈̄̈͒̏̑̇̆͌̆̿͌͛̔̍͒̽̆̾̀̑̉͋̃̿̀̈́͑̀͐͊̋̋̒̾̅̈͑͛͛̐͂̍͌͗̕̕͘͘͘̕̚͘͘̕͘̕̚̕͘̚͜͜͜͠͠͠͠͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͠ͅͅͅͅͅt̴̢̧̨̡̨̧̧̢̡̧̡̡̨̧̧̡̧̢̢̨̨̧̢̡̨̛̛̛̛͕̦͈̭̥͈̬͍̠̘̰̣̣̩̯̪͎̟̞̼͈̭̪̪̹̟͖̮̮̮̯̬͓͕̝̗͈͓̩͖̺͕͙͇̺̻̱̯̼̳͍͖̪͍̪̘̣͉̟̘̱͉̖͈̣͙̠͖͖̹͍̲̜̟̙͇̪̖͈̖̗̫̜̮̗͈̬̤̟͖͕̳̬͎̦̝͎̰͇̤̖̖̜̥̤͚̥̥͙̠̥͈̱͔̙̗͚̗̥̣̮͈̟͖͎̪̞̲͓͙̭̲͈͚͍̗̘̗͚̻̫̟͕̦͓̙̣̠͔͈̖͇͎̣̺̥͍͈̥͕͙̼̼̠͉̦͕͇̯̗͇̤̝͇͙̤̻̥̙̮̩̱̮̦͙̺̯̲̝̠̳̰̲̼͓̦̝̻̩̬͉̗̩̩̮̳̜̫̩̦̱̜̘͎̗̥̻̓̾̆̏̑́͒̆͒̏̔̎́̓͛̍̿̃̽̄̅̇͛̃̓̄͌̈́̈́́̿̂̌̍̃̐͆̉͌͂͐͑̃̆̌̇́̇̏̑̀̇͊̃͌͒̆͌͂̃̉͆̍̈̏͒̏͑̉̄̎͒̍̓͊̐͐̅̄̍̈̅͛̒̋̏̂̂͊͗̏̀̈̐̕̕̚̚̕͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͠͝͠͝͠͝͠ͅͅͅͅͅg̶̨̡̨̡̧̨̛̛͈͈̞̰̺̣̙̼͔͚̻͓̥͔̥͙̦̮̱͍̱̻͇̙̥̳͙̦̠̭̬̮͚̙͚̻̮͉͈̺͎̺͍̳͓̙̖͙̲̳͎̯͇̹̠̳̖̙̜͔̼̟͙͉̥̝̻̺͓̙̬̻̺̫͎͎͎͇̣͙̻̩͚̫̻̺̠̺̥̻̩͕͚͎̲͉̖͉̳͑̀͗̃̏̐͛̀̃̽̆͛̈̇̅̐͒̅̅̿̈̈̀́̆̐͒̂̒͒̑̎͊̐̈̎̔͗̿̅̃̀̀̓͂̓̎́̓̿͌̉͑̉̾͗͌̅͆̌̋̄̇̇̌̽̒̾̂̔͛̇̎̇̿̒̌̄̽̽̂̉̈́̐̽͐̀̉̾̉͒̓̇̆̑͋̾͐̐̄̅̎̌͑̏͒̌̒̓̓̆͊͒̌͒͊̄̆͛͐̄̉͗̇̊̆̒͊͋̓̌̒̿͊̑̅͒͌̈̄̚̕͘͘͘̕͘͘̚͘̕̚͘̚͘̕͠͝͠͠͝͝͝͝͠ͅͅͅͅứ̷̢̡̧̨̡̡̧̨̧̧̛̛̛̼̤̗̘̪̪̭̯̳̖̙͎̩͈̺̯̳̭͖̗̻̤̭̗̺̻̫̬̙̖̥̠̥͎̪͖͚̯̻͈̭̱̦̮͔̳̥̥͓̭̙̞̥͍̰̝̝̖͔͇͕̘̥͇̘̙̬͔̞̝̱̫̜̥͇̠̞̘̳̱͇͕̯̙̣̞̜͓͓̹̬̦̰̰͍̰͙͈̩̗̜̪͉͕͍̘͖̯̗̜̥̜̘͈͙͈̗̺͔̜̺̮̻̞̝̰̥̱͎̱̫͖̣̘͍͓͚̲̞͍̰͓̟͕̩͈̙̗͓̰̗̜͉͓͓͓̼̘͔̜̪̺͈̻̻̗̝̠̳̞͍̣͓̙̮̫̋̽̋̽̈̐̈́̇̂̓̏͆̌̈́̽̉̾̏̄̿͌̊͂̿̊̇́̈̿͌̋̾̋̉̒̎̀̽͗̊̈́̇̄̀̾͐͗̉͒̊̀͊͑̂̊̿̐̏͒̆̒͆̌̑͊͆̔́̿̎͒͂̆̃̒̐͗͒̃͛͛̽͐̔̃̋͊̐̃͒̆̆͒̎̐̋̂͑̆̓̾͐̽͋̌̓̿͌̿̒̽̈̎̋͂͒̈͒̑͌̅͂̒̉̋͌̋͗̓́̅̍͐̍̾̐̉́̒̃̾̿͂̅̄̊͒̃̓͋̾͛͊̋̚̚̚͘̚̚͘̕͜͝͠͠͠͝͠͝͠͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅg̴̢̨̧̡̧̡̡̢̛̛̛̛̛͍̗̖͇̟̳̦͇̠͔̞̺͍̝̖̟̟͍̜̫̻͇̙̫̖̻̦̜̩͈̰͇̺̻̘͈̪̹̤͈̩̼̬̝̱̗͈̳̖͕̗͕̠̞͙͖̲̩̳̠͚͚̩̖̞̠̭̭̘̘̗̰̞͉̦̙͍̘̟̥̗͐̌̌̈̎̂̆̑̔̇͌͊͋́͊̈́̓̿̈̆͆͛́͑̀̊̔͂̏͗̎̉̒͛̂͋̒̑͆́̇͛́̇̌̽̔͂͐̔̈̓͑̚͘̕̚͘̚͜͝͝͝͠͝ͅà̷̡̡̡̨̢̧̨̢̢̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛͙͚͇̝͙̭̮̤͍̭̤̩̜̗̦̗̠͔̥͔̙̫̰̗̠̩̥̫̥̟̥̝̦̯̯͉̮̖̥̪̦̥̟̞͚̪̪̠̤̭̬̳͔̥̖̩̭̣̰̈́̅͐̆͂̓́͆̎͑̒̐̇̑̔͂̀͗̈́͂̈̃͑̂̆̒̋̓́̐́̋̎̄́̊̿́̅̂̄͆́̅̈́̄͒͆̽͐̍̂̋̄͂͋͛͛̇͂̆̏̎̑̉̏͐̈̅̾̑͋̀̇̅̑̈̈̒̌͋̉̏͗̍͐͆̂̉̿̏̃̉̑̒̃̔̄̀͋͗͆͂͗͛̋̇̂͆̾́͌̃̆̊͛͒͂͑̌̾̅̂͆͌̇̎̌͒̏͌̋̐̅͆̃̄̀̌̀͋̆̋̑͂̎̏͐̄̽̋̌͆̓͑͌̑͑̅͑͂̄̄̌̚̚͘̕͘̚͘͘̕͘̕̕͘̚̚͘̚͘͠͠͠͠͠͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͠͝͝͠͝͝ͅͅą̷̨̢̡̧̧̨̧̢̢̡̨̧̨̢̧̨̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̪̝̤̮͍̹̪̠̹͍͕̳̪͕̦̣̗̩̺̫̱̝̪̩̠̫̲̣͚̩͎̳̲̼̠͕͎͍̦͉̦̜̭̫̩̳͉̖̳͓͇̦̪̼͚̣̖͍̫̜̪̩͈̭̬̦͉͚̺͖̫͖̦̲̗̖̬̪̪̱̞̬̦̼̘̠̮̘̖͔̥͈̰̦͚͈͎̝͖̻̗̰̟̗̘̭̞̬͉̖̹̪̝̩̺̬͉̟̩̩̥̜̮̙̭̳͔̼̖́́̅͗̍́̃̐̽͌̆̈́̽͒͗̋̅̾͌͂̇́̈́̀̈́̍̀̃̎͌̌́͊̍̉͋͆͋̄̄̈́̽̀́̀̈̔͛̅̓̾̑͑̎̃͐̋̔͛̋̊̎̀̌͒̽̐̾́̄͗͛̐̀́̃͂̑̆̍̆̑́̅̅̓̑͑̿̾̅̓͊͛̋̾͐̄̒̐̋̄̄̎͋͒́͗͌͌̂̽͂͗͐̄͆̂̃́̏̃̄͌̄̑͊̇͛͐̑̽̀̎͊̍͊̔̏͗̐̀͐͛̿̇̽̏̅̅̓̃͑͊̒̄͊͛̊͐͛̊̊͌̌̈̂͒̇̓͗̽̐̿̒͊̇̽͊̀͗͒̄͂̂̐̐̊̒̽͗̋̽́͋̓̑́̆̇̒͛͊̊̅̍̀̇̏̎͒̾̂̏̃̎̀̌̓̃̐̄͘͘̕͘̕̚̚̚̕̕͜͜͜͜͝͠͠͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͝ͅͅ ̴̧̧̡̧̢̢̢̢̢̡̡̢̢̢̢̨̢̛̛̛̛̛̛̲͉͕̝̥͖̫̠̼̙̝̣̫̭̺̰̼͚̹͈̫̤̜̩̩̹͕̰͉͍̲̳̼̣̘͉͉͓̦̝̺͇͕̼͉͍͔͉̩̫̥̥̗̼͈̙̘̮̟̮̣͔̘̻͉̗̣̝̳͚͇͔̰̭̗̤̳̼̬͈̺̣͓̞̪̩̤̼̻̺̝̰̫̖̝͚̖͈͖͖̘̦͛͊̑̀͗͛̐͂̏̓̿̈́̈͗̉̉͛͗͌̔̓̔͐̊̽̎̈́͒̄͐́̿̔͛̽̾͛̎̈́͌͗́̓̓̃͗̌̑͌͂̿̌̅͊̊̈͌̎̄͌͆͒̅̏͐̂̄̉́͑͋͒̄̋̒̽͋̉̈̓̑̒̅̃́͑̑͑̋̽͆͗̽̊̋̍̍̌̔͋̾͊̓̀̊̉̋͆̓̊̐́̊̊̓̀͒̆̀̔̍̏̾͂̿̿̋̉̚̚̚̚͜͜͝͝͝͝͠͠͝͝͝͝͝͠͝ͅd̵̡̨̡̡̡̡̢̡̨̧̛̛̛̛̛̗̪̪̩̦̙͍̮̱̬̪͎̩͖̻̘̹̼̭̥̰̗͙̮̼͇̱̠̲̰̩͈̰͕͉̥̳̜̳͖͍̟̝̝̟͕͓͙̭͔̩̆̋̅͋͂̈́̍̂̆͆͂͗̓̐͋͆̈́̊̈́̌̅͋̄̆̀̂̎͂͊͋̈͆̾̄̌̊̍́̿͌̿̐̓͒͒̓̑͂̽̎̐̿͌̆̂̌͗͋̈͒͊́͑͑̄̌͗̇͑̿͊͑͊̔̆͒͌̂́̾͐̒͋̊̋͊̾̊̔̍̈͒̇̌̎̊̓̄̑̊̊̉̄̑͗̈͂̈̃̂̐͑͌͐͗͂̉̐͒́͐̿͋̽͐́̍̍͐̃͊̓͆͛͐̾̏͐̃͂̀̓́̍͒͊̀̉̐̾̾̑͒͌̑́͑͛͒̎́̈̉̅̆̄̌͂̓̔̊̀̎̒̃́͑͌͛̏̊̋͊͗̽͂̀̀͂̀̏͌̃͋̔̋̇͒͒̃͛̑̿͗̀̑͋̎͗̆̏͋̇̚̕͘̚͘̕̕͘̕͘̕̕̕͘͘̚̚̕̚͘̕̚̚̕͘͘͘͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͠͝͝͠͝͝͝͠ͅͅͅd̶̢̢̡̨̡̨̢̡̨̢̧̨̧̧̛͈̯͓̺̬̙͖̟̬͉͖͎͔͔̻̥̠̦̱̯̺̰͈̦͖̙͙̞̺͚̞̻̩̱̦̺͎͙̣͔͙̰͖̼͙̥̹̳̖͙͙̯̠̠̭̦̗͈̼͈͎͈͉̝̲͙̦̙̟̤̞̰̜̥͇̬͓̟͔̯͇̮̘̯͖͖͚͈͈̩̞͉̜͈̝̘̱̼̯̺͕̙̻̠̲̖̜̩͚͓̹͖̯͉̟͈͎̻̳͓̺̟͙̱̹̮̣̖͈̦̘̭̱̪͔̣̹̣̺̰̼͍̝̱̺̰̪̮̝̮̰͓̼̬͈̬̬͚̯̪̯̿͆̀̃̈̉͗͆̈̎̿̂͒́̆̂͌͛͌͂̽́̔̒̔̓̍̋̽̎̋͊̈́̊͐̀͌̽́͋̓̒̈͌̊̄̈́̿̋̽̽͋̒̈̉̎̂͑̍̊̑̒̆̎̐͂͗̊͆͑͐͋͑͊͌̉͛̎̀̉̌̅͋̊̉̌̏̆͌̃̅̀͒̔̃̄̄͋̓̇̐̽͋̊̅̊̓̃̊̊̔̏̂̌̊̆̈̽̀͌͆̑͗̓̔̆̍̃͑̍͋̑͋̾̆̿̈̾͛͋̏͋́̍͒̇̉͊̚̕̕̕̚̕̕̚̕̚̚̕̚͘̕̚͜͠͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅ ̸̢̡̨̨̨̨̨̧̡̨̢̡̨̧̢̢̛̛̛̬̻̫̳̝̼̳̭̪̗̱͕͈̙̜̳̠̘̼̥͙̼̘̫̖̥̤̲̤̤̯̻̜̞̭̲̳̰̥̲͖̹̣̭͎̪̤͔͉̠̩̣̦̠͍̯͓̬̩͕͇͓̮͍̝̣̜̺̣̟̱̗̪̗̯̣̱̦̬̜̜̥̰͍͍̥̩̫͕̰̙̳͈̮͇̰̦̰̮͎̣̮͕̼̲̞̭͚͙̠̦̦͈̩̺̦͕̙̲̩̝͎͚͓̟̞͚͎̱̩̮͍͎̖͎̺̥̏̾̎̆͗́͗̒͛͛̎̈́̇͑́̈́͛̉́̈́̏͌̈́͐͐͂̄͌́̊͗͌̈̎̿͒͋̈́̐̃̅͛̿͋̒̚̕̕͜͜͜͠͝͝͠͝͝ͅͅͅͅŕ̶̡̨̢̢̢̡̡̧̧̧̨̨̨̢̧̧̡̡̧̢̢̧̛̻̜͔͚̙̬̱̯͇͔͇̩̫̰̳͓̫͍̹̭̭̼̣̻̭̫̳͉̯̗̲̘̘̣̞̭̱̤̦͔͉̘͖͙̺̠͇̞̺̠̱̭̮̞͍͈̟͔̬̦͓͔̮̜͍͈̭͚͍͚̠̗͔̰̗̜̖̣͕̰̥̬͈̬̝͉̤̲̱̦̠͎̫͔̝̠̟̻̳̫̻͔̗̫̘̹̮̤̫̳̜̰͇̲̦͕̞̰̭̦̙̘͎̲̤͙̼͉̲͓̰͉͈̳̟͚͎̝͍͖̱̬̺̹̗̩̜̩̳͔̺̼̫͔͖͓̝̦̮̲̼͖̝̜͇͎̦̖̫̘̗̠̰̹̳̖̬̻̼̞̙̖̱̣̼̤̝͍̲͈̘̖̩̟͇͍̲̩̮̯͈̙̺̳͙̦̘̞̬̗͙̱̖̩̤̜̦͕̟̥͕̻̤͆̔͛͆̅̇͗͂̀̊̈̋̽̏̎̊̀̍̓͋̏̄̌̅͋͐̽́̃̎̽̑̓͒̓̀̓̿̆̔̓̔̀̈́͋͌͆̈̔͐̓͑̄̀̅̂̀͂̊̒̌̌̈̽̃͌̉̄͆̔̾̐̿̐͌̓͂̒̃̔̆̾̆̉̈̓͂̒͂̆͑̌̌̍͒͂̓͌͑͋̉͆̇͆͊̓͂̉̊̊̑̄͂̃̚̕̕͘̚̚̚͘͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͠͝͝͝͠͠͝͠͝͠͠͝ͅͅͅͅͅ8̷̡̨̡̢̨͚̞̣̺̪͇̼̣̤̭̠̥͙͚̦͓̞̱̮̳̮̬̟̪̺̯͓͇̮̘̤̞͙͖̰̻̯̗͉̘͕̦̤͓̹̬͔̟͈̮̏̊̈͑̿̇̾̿̌͂̊̓͌̒̾̽̓͆́͆̋̈̎̂̅̑̓̐͗̒̓̈́͘̕͜͜͝͝͝ͅ8̴̧̨̨̨̨̢̧̧̡̧̛̛̛͚̠̤͕̰͇̗͎̫̳͇̮͍̣͍̗͇̠̤̖̻̩͕̗̙̖̬͉͖͇̫̪̦̦͎̱̭͎̣̦͇̤͚͖̬̪͇̼̜̞̥͎̹̦͔̫̭̣̖͎̰̘̹͖̟̻̙̼̭̘͕͔͈̥̥̬̜̤̙̫͚̘̼̬͓͉̥̹͈̥̲̘͔̲̟̜͉͙̮̰̖͔̭̪͍̖͔̗̮͔̰͖̯͇͎͎̰̜̺̹͕̪̰͇̝̳̲̮͍͚̣̖͖̗̳͎̲̻̤͎̱̈́̽̾͐̈̏̀̂̃͋̏͗̈́͋̿͛̈́̔̈̋̓̄̇̈́́̃̆̉̈̏̈̀̇̑̇̅̈́͊̌̀̐̾̈́͒͌͌͗͐̎̀̓́̑͋̍̉͋̑̈͊̉̃̅̃̋̿̈͐̂͂̂͗͗̍̈̊͂̒̉͊̃͊͑͌͗̒͌̍͌͆̾̊͗̿̀͑͑̂̃̌̒͗͋̍̐̈͐̑̆̂̑̾͌͐̑͊̋͐̊̈̓̒͛͛͗̒̏͗̓̆̌̔̿͆̊̅̊̀̔̈̍̓͐̐͊̆̈̉̃̄́͌̂͐͒̀͌̇͂͒̂́̂̿̉͋̍̑͘̕͘͘̚̚̕͘̚̚̕̕̚͘͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͠ͅͅͅͅͅ ̷̧̧̧̡̧̨̨̢̧̢̨̢̛̛̛̛̛̛̘͉̱̻̘̗̘̖͈̟͉̩̥̻̥̠̣̺͚͎͍̫̟̩̫͓̮͓̪̠̘͓̗̳̜̖̻͓͔̜̝͎͈̰̼̠̳͚̬̯̦̰̣̪̣͚̜̗̝̪̦̼̟̼͔̠̣̦̱͉̝̼̦͖͓͉̬͕̦̦͈̟̻̠͍͉͙̼̖̬͖̖̥͎̹̞͙̗̹̲̪̗̣̲̤͖͎̺͖͈͓̘̳͉̯̭̪̩̥͚͔̤͙̖͈̙͎̯̞̝̮̙̻͙͖̰̩̝͕͈͔̯̮̹̯̱̣̗̬̗̝͚͎̙̞̩̺̱͖̟̞̜̩̗͙͇̫͔͎̮͈͚̦̳̋͒͗͊͗̅́̓͒̅̔̎̋̊͊͌́̽̔͂̈́͂̒̂̓̽̌͛̐̐̐̊̋̏̌͐͗̐̀͌͐̿̀͂͆̅͌̂̊̿͗̈͛̄̇̃̃̓̎̾̽̃̍͆̿̑̆͋͋͊̓͊̊̊̂̃̀̇͗̂̊̍̇̿͒̊͆̾̓́̈̀̎̅̂̑̅̽͆̂̌̈̆͋͌̍̒̎̃̈̽̇̏̽̽̌̇̓̊̌͗̐̑͑̊̓̾̎̑̄͂̆̽̅̽̂͑̏͆͌̊̽͛̄͌̾̏͗̉̂̔͋̂̾̆́̊̎̈̃͗̂̾̃͋̂͌̒͛͗̏̍̽̇͒͒̿͑̂̇̽͗̂͆̆̑͐̂̆͆̈̋̔͒̀̍̓͂͊̇͛̿̑̌̅̇̆̏̌̓̾̑́̚͘̕͘͘͘̚̚̕̚͘͘̕̚͘͘̕͘̕̕̚͜͜͜͜͜͝͠͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͠͝͠͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝ͅͅͅͅ8̸̧̧̢̢̢̡̧̡̨̨̢̧̨̨̨̨̢̧̢̢̡̧̢̢̛̼͔̜̯̖̦͇̜̫̝̪̫̫̟̙̖̗̗̰̞̩̞̙̬̰̹͇̹̩̬̞͔͙̣͕̼͙̺̠̪̮͍̖̖̭̘̹͓͕̹̳̱͔̝̜̣̟̲̦̼̯̻̺͉͔̳̪̜͔̠̳̖͈̹̬̣̻̤͇̥͙̞͖̬̘͓̪̝̞̩̻͓̲̪̹̫̣͚͈͖̯̲̫̪̲̞̪̗̲̞̥͓̠̝̙̞̠̪̳̱̟̼͇͕̳̰̹̙̻̩͙͎̜̤̪̺̭̪͉̻͙̮̲̹̟͙͙̥͉̻͈̮̗̹͉̭͈͙͉͓̼̫̪̝̱̲͙̝̪͔̗͚̮̳̻͓̘̰̜̻̟͙̭̺͖̘̳͔͔̣̹̜̗̖͈͈͉͕̩̖͍͚̰̞͇͉̲̼̥̜͓̜̤̺̹͙͇̪̙̟̮̙͖̼̙̰̩̺͍͙͕͓̣͚̭̣̬̤͍̪̹̟̟̩͎̜͚̍̿̓́́͆̀̔̐̆̈́̌̿̒̽́̈́̓̍͋͛͒̄̄́̉̃͋̃̊̈́͐͌̀͋͛͗̒͊͌̓̇̿̀̏̔̈́͛̋͐͂͋̽͛̅̑̒̇̏̇̍̔̉̑͆̽̽̽̾̂̔̅͐̌̏̌̃̔̔͌̈͂̆͌̽̊̃̇̑͐̿́̎̓͗̾̊͌̈̀͐̾̉̆̊͊̀̄̈̆̃̐̔̊́̈̎̌̊̃̃̄̅̑̓̆̄̽͆͒̑͒̄͑̃̍̅͗͘̚͘̚͘̕̚͜͜͜͜͠͠͠͝͠͠͠͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͠͠͠͝ͅͅͅͅẗ̵̨̢̢̢̢̢̡̛̟̩̥͓̻̩̘̤̳̪̫͙̱̗̼̻̠̞̣̙̗͉̠̘̮͎̲̭̟̙͙̞̙̖͓̱̳̰̲̪͕̤̼͚̘̜̮̠̙̜͔̲͚̯̤̥̥̣̩̭͚̩͈̘̺̹̥͈̜̭͉͓̩̼̰̜̳̳̱̘̹́̒̈́͑͛̈́͋́̿͊̋͐̐̄̾̽͑̏̍́̅̂̍̍̆̓̋̌̋̿̐̈́̔̽̌͆͆̀̋̈͛͌͗̌͋͐̉̓̂̔̾̐͌̿͗͒͛̾͋͘̚͜͜͝͝͠ģ̷̢̧̛̛̛̦͚͎̺̣͓̗̦͙͙͙̳̻͇̼̼̤̲̺͉͙̣̙͉͓͍̣̗͇͍̗͍̤̭͇̰̯͈͈͎͙̦̪͍̠̻̱͖̞̹̦̝̜̱͖̼̻̟͙̭̼̮̣̥̮̺̻̬̗̠̳̘̝̣̖͖͓̱͆́̆̀͊̑̌͆̆̔̓͊̈́̌̿̈̅̃͗̐̿͋͋̐̀̈̌͋̂̊̏̒͊̇̍̅̿̐̃̉̐̌͂͊͋̉̇̒̑͌́̌̑̈̋̑͑̅̇̏͊̎̃̃͋̑̾̐̆̽̏͗̍̆̇̄͊͑͗̊́̑̄̎̐͐̾̋͛̋̒̆̊̊̅͂͗̒̒̌̉̋̋͂́͂̋̑̂̽͒̃̔̋̄̂̓̈͌͋͒̐̿̄̂͑͒́̌̌̓̒̑͂͒͂̇̂̎͒͆̏̅̂̇̍̋͋̽͒͂͗̇̓̀̅͌͛͛̇͐̽̋̄̾͗̌̿̂̈͂͛̐̐̔̾̾̄͗̊̏̾͆͆͒͌̎̃̇͊̑̾͘̕̕̚̚̚̚̕̕͘̚͘̚̕̚̕͜͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͠͠ͅͅͅͅų̵̨̧̧̛̛̛̛̛̛͖͙͈̮̲̩̠̙̻̥̫͚̬̦̬̹̠͈̭͍͎̥͖͙̱͚͚͚̼͇̞͉̰͕̳̱͖̯̰̫͙̫̯̰̟̥͔̲͔͙̝̖̘̘̣͎̝̱̞̖̼͔͔͕̣̝͇̳͎̘̳͙͎̬͉̙̩̎̓͌͋͒͂̐̽̃̽̽̿̐͗́͗́̂̀̀̍͆̎̈́̾̓̏́̈́̅̓̀͌̍̅̾͗̀̆̀̿̊̒̏̽́͑̈́͐̓̀͊̀̆̓̐͌͛̅̓̌̿̃̌͑͗͂͒͛̌̂̐͆̒͋͗̄̔̑͆͒̀̎͂̂̌̍̀͆͒̀̂̊̿͌͂̇͊͑̆̑̒̆̊́̇́̄͆͑̍͂̀͗̒̽̏̂͋̎̃̍̎͒̃͌́̾́͆̔͋̔͗̎̏̉̿̓̑̿̕̚͘̕̚͘̕̚̕̕̚͜͜͠͠͝͠͝͝͠͠͝͝ͅͅg̴̨̡̨̨̨̢̡̡̡̧̨̨̨̨̢̡̧̢̧̛̛̱͖̗͉̮̤̟͚̟̳̜̥̹̯̥̯͙̱͇͔̖̪̹̜̖̮̙̻̪͖̻͕̤̤̤̖̹͈̙͉͚̬̘̣̭̼̘͖̫͙̗̣̟̳̞̫̻͙͍̱͖̯̠̻̠̱͇̫̟͍̖̜̥̟̙̬̞̥͍̗̖̬̲̼͉̼̲̙͉̱͎̻̦̭̠͙͕͚̤̗͎̮̙͚̮̦̰͇̪̹̟͕͇͕̜͕̭̺͖̜̜̬͖̱̹̗͎̟̱͉̏̑̽͛̿̇̉̈́̂̍́͋͛̈́́̐̈͒̊̀̄̆͛̍́̃̃̓̌̑̐͌͋͑͂̋͒̋͊͗̓́͛̿̾̊͛͋̓̊̈́̀̎̅̄̄̉͗̊͆̉͑̋͂͒̈͑͗̃̑́̀̔̈̉̂͆̈̀̾̊̑͊̈̍͋̚̕͘͘͘̕͜͜͝͝͠͝͝͝͠͠ͅͅͅͅa̴̡̡̨̧̢̧̢̢̢̨̡̛̛̛̛̛̻̝̳̟̮̠̹͖̬͙͉͖͈̱̣̹̼͈̺̘̻̰̜̪̞̯̻̟͍͎̝͖͖͉̗͔͎̮͖͍̙̙̩̟̭̬͓͔̖͈̭̮͚̜̱̯͓̖͔̹̰͈̪̹͙̲̗̼͈͙̝̯̖̬̭̝̗̤̼̦̯̳̭̠̺̞̫͎̙̤̦̝̥͉͉̗̥̬̤͓̱̺̼̣̺̜̣̖̝̠̞̳͇͍̭̩̤̬͕̮̼͚̺̰̳̦͇͌́̐̌͌̑͂̉̃͛̄̉͑͆̏̏̌̓͐͒́͌̀̑̊͆͒͒͑̔͑̔̈̊̈̒̒͌́͊̇͛̀̋̆̓̿̈͒̆͛̊̃͂̎͒͂̀̂̂̔͑̄̑̎͊̓̐̀̽̏̿́̄̀͊͛̾͑͂̎̔̑͒̀̽͂̏̆̊͗̉̑̅̓̏̉̈̊̋͗̍͛̾̽̇̄̈̿̆̋̃̀͂͐͂̏̑͊̋͌͆͒̿̏̑̐͑̌́̿͆̄͛͆̆̽̍͒͆͑̒̄̈͂͂̄̐͛̆͗̀͒̎̋̾̽̅͆̏̓͆̒̓͒̽̑̍̑̋͋̌̕̚͘͘͘͘̚̕͘̚̚͘͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͠͝͝͠͝͝͝͠͝͝ͅͅą̵̢͖̹͎͍̺̤̟͚̞̦̝̻͕͓̳̖̺̻̤̰̘͈͕͓̦̜̭͈͎̮͕͐̌͊̓͂͐͋̆̔̍̀͂̈́͊̒̿̀̈̍́̍̏̃̈́͒͛̄̀̾̎̃̇̍͆̒̊̔̈́́̆̽̓̊̄̌̎͒̓̒̎̾̕͘̕͜͜͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͠ͅͅ ̴̡̧̢̢̡̨̧̡̡̢̡̡̡̨̧̛̛̛̛̛̝͖̻̪̞͍̜̼̫̻͖͈̥̰͔̠̼̝͚͖̮̙̭̲̭̯̻̩̻̳̬͖͚̯̞̯͖̖͈͈̮̝̰̫̗͇̻͎̻̦̤͉̬̬̮̠͚̯̲̠̩̻̤̦̞̟̝͉̗͖̣̰̮̩̣̳͖̦̪͓̳̞̖̙̘͔̝̝̬̖̳͇̮̞̬͔̳̟̞̜̭͕̻̩͔̥͓̼̱̹̫̩̯͓̪͙̬͈͍̖͉̱̠̞̘̙̺̪̱̺̥̦͙̼̘̩̗͔͉̻̠͙̺̙̹̹̭̲̣̠͔͖̩̹̥̭͓̟̮̮͓̪͔͓̈̊̎̎̅̈́͌͌̋̌̒̇̄̃̈͋̓̈́̎͊̊̎̋͗̄̓͋͗͗̒͑̎͐͛̄́͋̀̋̿̍͑̀̔͑̿͗̉̒̉̆̆̑̂̋͐̌̓͑͗̔͂̽̉̇̎̀͂̋͆͛͗̒̃͛̍̃́͆͂̂͐͑̆̊̑͂̓̅̂̊͆̌̅̔̉͗̆̉͐̽̂̒̽̋̍̔̍̇̿͗̉̂̏̐̆̇̈͌̀̂͋́̿̑͗̉͒͌͂̅̆̾̏̋̏̐͊̔̍͂̊̅̔̓̕̕͘͘͘͘̕̚͘̚̕͜͜͜͜͜͠͝͝͝͝͠͠͝ͅͅͅͅḑ̸̡̢͚̮̱̪̫͕͕̬͔͈̻͙̫̲̜̟̃͐͒͊͛̌̈́̓̒̌̉͒̏̐͛͌͊̉̌̈̉̈̇̐̈́͌̋̿̽̋̈́̈́̃͗̔̕̕̕̕̕̕͘͠͝ͅḑ̷̢̨̨̡̡̡̨̢̨̢̡̢̢̨̨̡̧̧̧̛̬͎̲̝͖͇̪̮͔͚̦̠̭̙̥̥͇͚̦͖̼͚̣͍͙̜̺̳͙͇̹̬̺͎̼̮͕̙̻̬̞̱͈̱͔͓̞̝͍̰͈͔̹̗̺̮̫͖͍̬̫̲͉̬͕͙̮͔̪͙̝̥̝̘̼̮̖̮̠̼̝͈̫̖̮͈̺͚̩͎͕̠̖͓̲̜͖̥̳̘͙̥͔̮̳͖̪̩̭̟̹̦̙̱̮͎̟͖̩̣͍͕̥̗̺͈̜͓̜͎̜̰̘̥͈͕͈̺̼̝̩̝̤̘̖̬̲̖͔͇̜͈̥̟͖̲̙̖͓͔͈̘̦̗̠͎̝͈͍̯͚͓͎͇̮͔̣͈̪̳̮̫̬͎̼̟̞̳̹̣̖̲͈̭͓̟͙̘̗̭̘̘̱͚̰̲̤͇̮̭̤̹͔̭̪̪͇̼͎̻̲̝͎̲͕̞̪̘͕̣͕̮̫̮̜͎͕̗̳̺̲͌̈͒͆̏̇̂̍̓̊̐̋͒̉͑̿̾͐̾̿́̀̈̉͆́̉̓̈͗̇͛̆̑͆̽̾̈́̎̉̒̃̄̓̊͛̇̓̀͌̓̒̀̒̈̊͗̒̿̆͂͗͒̍̄͊͛̏͗̍̍̂̄͒̿̀̅̊̃͛͗̅̃̊̔̾͗̿̄͌̔̅̍͌̿͒͊̐̿̿̓̉͐̒̌͆͒̔͂͆̎͛̍̈̊̈̌̽͗͋̈̈͒͒̀̚͘̕̕̕̕̕̕̕͘̚͘̕͘͜͜͜͜͜͠͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͠͝͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅ ̶̡̧̢̡̨̡̧̢̡̧̨̧̨̧̨̨̧̧̨̧̧̢̡̨̡̧̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̰̮̘̟̤̦̮͉̖̪̮̪̬͔͎̠̼̦͖̙̙͇̫̣͔̺̳̠͙̼͚̰̞̗̹̥̣̘̼̭͙̙̲̯̳̗̜̤̯̙̦̟͔̝̰̲̭̪̗̝̣̰̯̱͍̯̜͇̦̦̗͇̖̜̣̭͚̗̱̗͚͎̱̪̲̺̼͕͍̖̦̱̩͖̠͔͈̖̩̱͙̤̜̞͚͈̺̣͈̻͔̳̗̤̻̩̟͖͇̠̘̪̤̺̮̘͉̪͇͈̲̲̠̖̲̜̜̜̰̠͍̣̤̙̥͕͇͔̥͓̗̰̙̥̗̳͇͈͉̥̰͙͉̗͕̺̜̻̱̤̥͈͍̺̯̞͚̻̼̬͈̩̳̺̯̖̳͉̼̪̺̤̞̩̰̳͇̥̼̘̞͔̟̠̖̫̗̜̣̼̯̰̣͈̰̝̭͍͍̟̭͎͇̩͔͉͇͉̯͆̊͐͊̽͊́̑̃̊̋͐̀̇͛̔̑̎̔͊̈́̈́̈̓́̀̏̉̾̇́̾͂͊̅̽͂̈́͌̌̽̽̈́̒͑͋͗͒̌̑̓̆̓̉̋͊͛̔̃̀̓̾̓͐̉̇̌̋͋̐̾͑́̍̓̑̄͆̿̋̌̾̎͛͑̂̏͊͐͋̋͗̔̈̿̂̐͊͊̊̅͑̐͂̽̓͂͐̽̃̿̑̎̄̃̂̽͊̃͂̅̅̆̎̏̔͂̄̇̽͊͂̂̔͌̎͗́̔̉̏͗͑̎͌̎̉̉̾̅͂͐̌́̽͛̑͊̀́̄͛̋̄͑̑̽͑̓͘͘͘̕͘̚͘̕̚͘͜͜͜͜͜͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͠͝͝͝͠͠ͅͅͅͅͅͅŗ̸̧̢̧̧̢̛̛̛̛͖̰͉̟̺͙͚͖̞̫̰̤̹̻̞̫͔̗̰̖̰̠͍̫̘͈̳̝̫̥̣̣̪̬̗̟̗̜͎̺̳̭̗̠̗̗͍̳͙͈̞̤͖̤̟̣̲͙̞̻̹̄̈́̏̍̑̉̒̾̅̂͌͌͌̓͛̏̊́̒̐̉͋̈́͒͐́͗̋̔͂̀̀͊͂̑͋͑̌̾͊͂͌͐̒͋̈̒͛̃̾̊͐̉͛͆̽̌̐́̎̈̄́͒̓̑̑͐̊̎̂́́̍̿͊͊̎̂̂͛̇͋͑̅͋͆̿͛̍͑̌̏̇͊͊̈̊̂͒̌̎̑͂̇͗̓̇͛͆̏͊͂̏͆̈̇͑͛́̌̉̿͂̐̀̀̽̉̃̋̌̐̓͒̇͐̔̀̐͆̑̏̏̋͆͐̂̄̎͌̾͗̏̃̓̎̑͑̈̄͛̉͆̂͌̃̒̀̎͛͊̄̔̆̄͘̕̚̚̕͘̚̕͘̕͘͘̚̕͘̚̚̕͘͜͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͠͠͝͝͝͝͝ͅͅ8̶̧̡̢̧̢͓͉̹̮͇̝̣͖͍̦̰̘̫͇̩͓̲̳̹̤̠̺͖̰̪̳̜͚̩͍͍̞̯̤̻͈̣̠̤̣͈̩̙͈͈͔̹̩͙̠̠̮̼̜̫̩̘̳̟͙͚͚̦͉̝̼̣̘͚̦̙̘̠͕̬͍̙̤̬̱̭̺̙̙̜̜̖̺̜̼̜̟͍̲̘̲̦̤̽̋͋̽̾̆̽̆́̾̑̄̈́̊̍̅̑͗̒͋̔̎̊̋͌̔̀͗͑̂͐̈́̃́͐̽̈́̐͛̍̒͌̓́̈́̈́͐͛͊͐̐̀̇̎̑̌͋̋̎͗͐̿̄͘͘͘͘̕͜͜͜͜͜͝͠͝͠͠ͅͅ8̶̨̢̧̛̬͖̻̜͍̯͚͚̠̰̯̮̟͎̦̙͚̖̙͍͔͙̞̗̙̭̱̞͉̬̫̰͔̼̥̲̗̖̩̼̭͓͙͎̽̆̈́͑̀̆̽̄̄̾̓̿̋͊̇́̉̎͐̓̓́̏̎̏͊̆̒̿͋̂̓́̐̒͛́̊̀̆̓̾́͌̉̃́̐̋̌̓̾͑̎̏͐̒͋̿͋̄̑͂͐̊̈́̉̆̂͐͊́̆͛͛́̌̅̐̐̋̽̀̅̊̓́͐̅͐̐̐̐͊͆̔̀͂͊̊̍̇͌̽̀̃́̍̄͊̎̈͗͋̒͛̓́̅̈͊̆̇͆̄̾̂̊̉̅͂̏͌͒̐̀̎̑̒̉̌̃̃̀̕̚̚̚̚͘̕̕̕̚͠͝͝͝͠͝͝͠͝͠͝͠͝͠͠ͅ ̶̢̧̧̡̧̡̨̡̛̛̦͕̬̙̠̮̤͓̳͖̳͓̫̼̱̹̣̩̮̩͓̥̫̥̤̤͕̱͎̺̩̖͎̯̤̳̮͖̬̥̻͍̺̜̜͍̘͙̗̣͔̠͈͚͖̦̰̦̰̱̙̝̥̠̟̭̭̳̠͇̗̖͚͙̰̖͈͔̜̩̤̹̙̗̖̰̪̭̰̝̤̳̪͍̳̠̫̝̬̬̻͕̞͔̘̤̺̜̙͇̙̙̮̻̱͖̞͙͚͔̹̃̄̌͛̃̋̈́͐͂̊̀̋̿͊͛̎̓̎̊̋̀̇̒̔̀̇̇̾̂͗̋̈́̾͛̐͊̽̌̽̎̃͑̊͌̎́̽̾͗̍̊̃̄͑͗͑̾͛̍́͋̋̋̑̽͆̄̆̂͒̋̆̎̐̐̃͒͊͗̅̆̑́̾͐̓̆̔͗͛̾͊̄͛̌͂̔̌̀̃̀̃̎̔̕̕͘͘̕̚̚͘̚̕̕͜͜͜͜͜͜͠͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͠ͅͅͅͅ8̸̡̢̧̡̨̧̧̡̨̧̡̨̡̢̡̢̧̡̧̧̡̧̨̧̨̢̧̢̨̧̧̛̛̛̭̺͈̬̩͚̻͙͎̼̹͉̞̣̺̘̳͎̣͉̘͔̙͕̼̻̮͎̘̥̤͈̼̪̤͚͖̭̺̣̰̙̲̻̣͎͇͎̺̪͖͎͉̻͈̮͍̰̹̟͖̫͇̠̮͙͈̫̥͍͈̳̜̬͎̜̞̘̯̤͔͖͕͔̠̳̗̭͇̙̰̥̭̬͚̲̲͉͙͓̖̖͕̺͕̠̣͔̟̗̲̭̹̠̞͎̥̘̣̪̠͈͔̫̭̳̞̯̝͇̠͓̳̟̬͔̤̮̹͙̺̼͇̜͓͓̝͔̯̭̱͖͖̲̫̝̬̗̙͉͇̰̳͓͇̻̙̝̟͔͔͈̗̼̫̞̘͉̘͙͇̦̩̲̳̙̳̼̙̭̩̭̯̣̇̐̾͊̽̔̉̋̀̾̄͋͑̈́̀͒̀̈́̓͂̃̓͑͗̑̉̉̌̒̃͌̊̎̈̐̈́̃̐̿̽̿̂̀̏̔̃͂̇͆́̊̾̈̇̄͒̅̇͗̏̄͒̍̃̀̐̑͛̋̃̏́̑̐̿̄̀͌͒̅̐̑͒̃̌̎̾̀̑̌̊̐̉̏̏̌̃͗͗̃̋̌͌͊͐̈̍͋̽̃̂̈̃̌̈͛̉̉̀͛͌̀̇̌̋͛̋̈͊̓̈̅̈̃͒̇͐̒̊̈̈̔̃͒̉́͑͂̇̂͌̑́͐̐̇̂̂̓̈̽͋̔̾͂̓͛͐̊̓̾̀̊̀̄̉͋̏̽͐̿̀́̓̂͑̈̑̍̉͒́̋͐̉̓̒͊̍̂͛́̋͌̋͐͑͌̍̚̕͘̕̚͘͘̕̚̕͘̕̚̕͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͠͝͠͝͠͝͠͝͝͠͝͝͠ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅt̷̡̢̧̢̛̛̛̛̛̛̘̺̫̮͚̹̬͈̹̤̦̱͚̳̮̪͕̤̲̼͙͕̹̫̥̹̤̮͇̹̪̺̺̯͎̠̖͎̜͔̳̱̬͕̥͉͚̯̠͖͚͎͚̫̰͖̘̓̓͛̊̐̅͛̿̄̎͂͗̓̍̾̋̍̇͒̍͋̔͗̓͒̇͋̍̍̐̋̔̌͆͌̐̾̂͛͌̀̑̎̇̽́́͋̈́̍̆̓͊̏͒̑̊͋͗͊̽͒̽͒̊̔̐̊̅̎͆̈̿̅̍̐̀̊͊͌̂͋̌̿͐̏̈̌̿͑͋̽̔͐́͂͊̀̒̔̈̾͑̊̎̽̔͊̓̿̓̏̊͂̂͊͗̀͑͆̂͐͛̋͂̂̐̂́͛̍̂͑̃͆̿̑͋̊̑̽̎̔͋͛̉̎͐͆̐̃̂̋̈͋̿̃̋͛̍̏̆̋̂̑͌̔̇͋̏͊̌́͒̅̀̓̑̒̾͑̀̈̅̆̃̇͆͗̔̌̏͊͂̊͐̄͘̚̕̕̚̕̕͘̚̚͘̚̚̚̚͘͘͘͘͘̚̕͜͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͠͠͠ͅͅģ̸̢̧̢̨̡̧̡̡̢̨̛̛͉̣̘̟͍̼̦̩̼̝͔̺̲̮̜̜̞͈̣̺̠̺̯͎̖͎̰̥̣̟̹̣̬͈̺̼͕̹̯̪̞̠͙̮̫͍̖̤̬͍̯̟̮̫̦̞̲̣̟̞̺̙̦̞̖͕̫̰̤̦̯̼͙͎̠͇͚̜͖͉͙̣̭̫͉̱̦͉͇̦̝̥͖̪̠̼͖͓͔̯̭͎̩̤̼̦͕͈͕͖̫̬͉̯̼͚̙̤̗̰̜̖̮̦̣͔͈̠͓̱͎͔̖̤̙̯̙̙͔̭͎̺͙̞͉̼̪̣̬̯̟̟̇̃͒̓̓̋̔͒͊̀͐̿̀̽̅͑̃͑̈̓̽̑͋͋̃͑̀̅̌̀̎͛͌̐̈́̆͌̃̄͋͗͗̎͆͗̿͆̐͋̆̋͗̃̌̈̏͂̍̆̃̿͐́̅̏͐͒̽̿͊͌̔̉̌́̑͂̽̉̌̌͐̅͑̚͘͘̚͘̕̕͜͜͜͜͝͝͠͝͝͝ͅͅͅͅų̴̡̧̧̧̨̢̢̡̡̢̧̨̢̨̡̡̡̛̛̛̖͙͓͓̲͈̦̭̪͇̹͓̬̦̮̫̥̪̣̘̯̹̝̘̟͎̺͉͙͖̥̥͕͔͍̲̳̖̖͕͍̟̭̪̹̲̪͙̖̝͖̲̝̪͈̘̭̭͎̝͓͍͍̤̝̣̬̪̼̙̺̠̪̯̮̗̻̬͇͖̝̯͇͈̙̭̰̪̹̱͖̼̥͔̲̬̞̮̖̞͍͓̠̦̻̭͔̯̳̠̬̹̥̥̰̖͇̯̫̻̬̪̗͚̭̟̪̦̗̞̜̼̯̬̩̱̜̞͍͔̣͓̺̝͓̟͕̟͖͍̞͈̙̣͙̜͇̬̱̱̙̹̬̘̖̲͎̬͈͈͎̗͍̗͚̦̣͍̞̥̺̠̟̠͍͍̞̼̖̲̞͙̥̗̩̯͚̘̳͔͔͔̭̤̹͈͖͓̻̤̘̹̜͓͖̯̣̼̬̰͓̺́̿̆̈́͛̇̌̀́͊̅̉̿̏̄̂̍̅̀̋̏̔̄͛̾̍̎̓͛̽̉͛̇̈́̀̂̀̽̿̏̎̇͗̆̋̊͂̋̏̆̽͒̿̔̌̓̑̔̔͌͊̒̇́̆̆̅͐͐̅̅̔̒̉̂͗͊̂̈̇͒͛͂̒͊͛͑̀͛̾̂̆͆̅́̄̊̿͋͘͘͘̚͘̕͘͜͜͜͜͜͝͠͝͠͝͝͝͠͝͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅg̴̨̧̧̡̨̡̨̡̢̢̨̢̧̛̛̛̛̛̛̣͇̣̦̜̭̟̩̬̫͔̦͓̫̜̞̰̠͈͎̞̲͔̫̻̱̗̼̝͙̠̙̝͖̪̭̗̣̹͕̙̻͎̖̝̮͓͎̳̹̪̩͔͇̤̗̱͚̪̪̩͎̖͙̟̯͍̙͉̩̞̪̤͚̥̺͇̝̤̰̰̖̯͉̯̰̦̱̦̜͎̯͎̜̞̞̖̗̯̭̻̹͕̤̟̿͒̐̃̈́̑̅͒̉̓͗̈̈̊̔́͐̈̉̃͊͋͋͋̍́͌͂̈̃̓̀͋̀̎̃̑̆̏̋̐͒̄͒̂̊̎̏̄̈́̓̎̀̿͑͗̏̇̊͗̀̉͆̒̓̊͐͂̅͛̋̔͛̍͌̽͌̋̇̽̎̆̊͒̽̋̈͊̂̔̎̈̎̒̒́͗̏̃̆̅̋̐̄͒̎̇̔̽̒̑̑̀̾̎͐̌̊͗̊̅̎̉̈̋̏̅̈͂͗̿̀͊͐̅̄͂̓̽̏͒͆͌͗̽̍͋̐͗̓̇̆͒̍̄͒͋̒̒͊̄̅̉̊͋̿̔̈͒̓͗̎͆̄̏̎̂̾́̽͌̓̿̈̍͛̏̆͐̀̈̓͊̍̾̒͂̓̒͐̾̈́͂͛̇́̉̊͌̃̚̕̚̕̚̚͘̚̚̕̕͘̕̚̕͘̚͘̕̚͘̕͘͜͜͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͠͝͠͝͝͝͠͠͝͝͝͠͝͠͠ͅa̶̧̧̡̡̧̢̨̡̡̨̢̡̧̛͇̝̠͓̯̬͕̖͈̣͓̱̬͙̠̻̩̘͍̪̲̣̩̝̱͖̪̖̩̻̪̪̪͓̳̩̻͙̤͓̝̥̬͈̰͍̬͓͚̻̝̻̤̫͕͙̤͍͍̼͈̖̮̞̺̞̠̯͇̦͓͇͇͉̻͍̼͕̳̯̺̺̝̥͍̜͔͇̟̖̼̱̖̣͎͔̲̭̟͔̝̙̘̹̞̟̭̲͍̣̹̮̦̼͚͕̘̳̣͉̤͇̺̺̝̲͚͖̦͈͉̙̪͚̖̋̇̿͜͜͜͜͜͝ͅͅā̷̢̡̧̨̡̛̛̛̛̛͇̗͔̖̫̝̼͕̱̳̭͉̪͇̳̘̮̝̝̘̖̱̫͙͚̻̹̣̣̺̮̥̻̺̬̦͌̓̃̓̿̎̐̀̈́̈́̃̉̋͑̆̈́̅́͋͑̅̃̓̈̎͊̌͛͌͐͗̈́͋̆̈́͊͛̒̋͂̒̊́͋͗͋͐̅̏͌́̉̒͂̿͑̍̂̒̍̽͋̆́̌̐́̋̏̍͂̒̊̈̑̋̽̇̽̄̅͂̍̽̃̉́̾͆́̍̇̽̀̚͘̕͘̕̕͜͜͜͠͝͝͠͝͠͠͝͠͠͝ͅͅͅ ̵̡̡̧̢̨̡̢̡̡̡̢̡̡̨̧̢̧̢̧̢̨̡̨̨̢̢̡̡̢̧̧̧̡̧̛̛̛̪̝͉̣̠̞̟͚͈̹̗͖͔̲̰̱̻͇̪̼͉̹̱̠͓̻̜̥̪̙͖͔̞͇̝͍̻͉̹̮̫͚̭̻͎̘̱̥͈̥̣͓̯̻͔̠͇̹̻̱̺͇͖̹͎͎̫̳̯̰̘̯̦̩͖̺̹̝̜͍̥̰͎͓̲̫̝͓̻͇̮̰̼͉͇̠̳̰̺̞̗̫̩̳͈̗̖̱̪̠̮̩̩̠̼̦̲͖̜̖̖̝͇̝̱͚̪̞̯̻̞̬̼̙̝̞̹̝̭̞̭̥̤̲̲̦̻̮͔͕̫̘̮̱͎̻̮̹͎̠͍̖͚̜̩̥̦͔̹͔̞̰͔̪̝̪͈̜̫̣͔̣͔͇̘̼͕̳͉̘͈̗̻̖̲̟̘̰̭̖̪̦͚̠̠̱̺̮͕̙̳͙̬͍̱̺̜̥̖̠̞͖̩̲̼̥̪͈͔̠̬̲̜̥̙͈̮̫̺̿̓͒͐̆̊́͌̈́̃̈́͐̽͌̏̅̇̃͋̿̈̇͐̽̈̿́͐̈͑̽̓͌̓̀̌̌̾̉̅̑̋̇̒͊̇̅̄͌̀̽͋̒̽͗́͒̌̋̒̏̊̄̾̊͂̍́͐̾͆̃͌̉͌̈̑͂̋͑̍̐̓͑̽̽̋̂̐͑̎̔̐͑̅͊͛͌̇̄͌̂̍͌̈̾̊̈̐̆͌̍̂̍̌̍͊̊̔̀̾͂̎̌͛͋̌́̄͑͂͛̏͒͑̐̎́͆̍̾̇̿̐̅͒̾̌̉͛͘͘͘̚̕͘͘̚̕͜͜͜͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͠͝͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅd̸̡̧̨̧̢̡̨̡̢̢̛̛̛̛̙̞̳̝̙̟͔͚̘̯̞͍̻̺̯̤͉̤̝̭̣̱̳͖̬͓̟̖͖̼̮̙͎͚͕͎͎̳̟̯̝͇̦̝̥̠̪͍̩̰̠̗̥͕͇͔͔͇̙̼͕̙̱͍̱̫̮̜̞̳̼̤͙̰͔̘̗̹̼̖̩̼͚̞͔̤̩̞͚̳̰̥̪̝̳̩̥̘̗͕͎̺̳̝̙͇̺̝͓̭̖̯̲̟͈̱̰͈͖̬̹̝̱̩̻̰̮̙̬̥͚̠͖̯̻͇͖̥̥̮̜͙̦͖̗̱̒̾͛̉̊̆̈́̏̓͐̆͌͋̓̏̇̇̌̈́̃̒̓̄̀͒̉͋̅̿͊̀͛̿̀̓͆̍̉́̈́̉̈́̿͒͆̾̀̀̌̊̊̔̉̑̾̾̐́͌̿̄͑̒̌̀͐̐͊̓̃͒̐̿͊̄̄̌̃́͂̅̆̿̂̆͌̑̒͐́̎̍̿͊͆̐̋̂̎̓͊̄̎͌̿́͋͗̊̔̾̎̈̊̆͐̇͂̾̆̌͊̌̀̐̌͑̃̆̑̈̓̏͐̍̃̄̓͒̊̃̃̎͛̽̿̕̕͘͘̕̕̕̚̚̚̚͘̚̕͜͜͜͠͝͠͝͝͠͠͝͠͠͝͠͝ͅͅͅͅd̶̢̢̢̡̨̨̢̧̡̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̻̳̲͍̭̞̼̤͙̝͇̮̹̰̲̱̜͕͕̔̔̀͆̔̀̓̀̅́̊̿͐̅́̿͆́̇̑̇̽͑̍͐̒̐̐͋̉͂̋̈́̋͋͒̅̈͌̎̈̂̐̏̒͊̏̏̂̀̾̒̋̈͐͑̓̉́̀̉̓̿͆͂̿̆̍̏̐̄͊͂̏̅͂͐̾̍̾͆͆͒͑̑͛̌̐̄̒̊͊̌͌̑͌̇̿͒͗̋͐̉̏́̈̍̀̃̒́̅̄̊͒͐́̏͑̊͒̾̾̾̓̀̌͊͛̆̄̽͗̓͌̐̈͂̇͆̕͘͘̚̚̚͘͘̕̕̕͘͝͠͠͝͝͝͝͠͝͠ ̸̨̡̧̧̡̨̡̧̢̧̢̢̢̢̡̢̛̛̛̛̛͍̗̳̮̟͔͔͕̙̱̥̻̯̜͔̭̮̟͉̠̭̳͙̼̱̻̜̪͍͉̻͙̠͙͚̼̣͚̮̙̯̪̫̮͙͇̞͉̩̭̠̪̖͍͎̼̫̲̞̥̗̹͕̰͖̻͕̣̪̭̗͉̞͕̫̺͍̗̹̭̪͇̣̤̜̥͓͙͈̮͓͉͍̪̼̪̪͇̙̦̥͇̮̙͕͖̤̜̣̲̳̭͔̱͓͇̩͖̥̜͚̣̬̟̼̗̳̰̘͈̟̰̺͈̞̜͓̯͉̺̺͙͕̟͓̹̠̹̻̪̮̯̞̦̜͔̟̭̲͚͇̮̦̞̬͚̤͈͍͔̫̭̼̙̝̲̖͉̪͖͇͚̳̟̮̭̼͔͚̭̫̜͕̞̪̮̳̝̙̪̱̬̝͈̟̖̯̒̈́̀̎́͌͗̅̊́̈́̿̎̓̓͛̇̇̒͌͒̄̓͗̾̏͆̀͊̓̈͂̄́̓͊͂̋͗̎͛̓̾̾͐̌̈̔̔̏̒̆̾̄̉͋̌̃͒͂̇͋̐̃͌̔̎̔͌͋̍̏͑̔̔̽̂́͑͒̎́̓̋̌̀͊͑̊͒̔͐̃͐͛̉̆̿͗̅͆̑̓̇̊̊̐͆͆́̿̏͗̅͐̿̎͗̔̄͗͛̽̽͆̀̒̎͊̾̾̀̀̽̅̉̊̌̋͊͐̔͗̉͂͑̍͊̎͗̉͋̄̃͋̏̂̀̾͋̈̊̆̃̿́̾͒̑̓͒̄͐̉͐̐͆̎̍̃̈̂͐̍̌̀̊̋̔̿̆̓̕̚̕̚̕̚̚̚̚̕̕͘̕̕̚̕͘̚̚̚̚̚͘͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͠͠͝͝͠͠͠͠͝͠͝͠͝͠ͅͅͅͅͅr̷̡̢̧̧̡̨̨̧̧̢̢̨̢̢̨̧̧̨̛̛̛̥̗͉̙̝͕̮͕̭̼̲̥̫̼͔̘͓̩̱̝͖̥̻͓̤͍̯̥͓̞̤̫̝͈̯̣̞̻͍̟͕͍̼̩̬̜̺̫̜̰̜͍̭̫͓͍̺̬͎͕̻̫͎̝͔͉̙̞̳̙̤̠̳̫̠̞̼̜͕̘̻̘͍̥̻͚̼͚̘̜̰͖̣̥͚͙̯͓̺͇̯̭͕͚̻̝̟͉̩̙̩̝̬̲̠̭̫͔͎̲̞̙̼̥̫͕͙͇͈̻̜̩̺̹͖̗̤͕͎̖͚̭͙̪͓͎̹̝̙̙̥̱̦̮̪̣̳̲̠̪͎̻̫̘̘̍͐̏͆͐̈͐̈̿̑̉̽́̎̆͊̆͐̇̄̑̆̊̓̊̎͊̌̀̑͌͊̈́̏͂͛̈̋̌̈́̎̃̀̈̆̄̿͛́̓̇́̉̓͋̒̇̆̇̀̃̎͂͗̄̎̈̑͗̍̐̌͌̾͂͆̌͐͗͊̌̇͐͆͒̐́̆̃̍̑̉̒̎͐̄͌͛͛̌̐̑̅̾̑̃͑͑̿̃̀͂̃̀͗̓̔̂̅̉̀̽̍̔̌́̽̒͊͆͐̀̈̅͆̆̿̈͐͑͊͗̇̐̎̀̽̅̍̎̔̔̈̅͒͂͐̃̀͋͗̑̔̔͊̇̀̆̆̾̏̃́̆̔͋̒̏̔̉̿̓̉̇͊̌̌̊͗͑̎̑̓́̉̋̊͆͂͆̎̏͐̀̀͂̓͂͆̅̐͌̔̋͆͐͋̾͒͌̆̉̍͐͐͆̅̿͂͘̚̕̕͘̚̚̕̕͘̕̚̕̚͘̕̕̚̕̚̚̕͜͜͜͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͠͠͝͝͝͠ͅͅͅͅͅ8̶̨̡̡̨̡̢̛̱̫͕̤̫͕̖͍͈͈̹̥̻̜̥͔̹̮͈̟̥̩̱̭̱̘͓̬̫̹̪̠̙͖̭̲̳͖͎̜̯̗̬̠͈̖̹̝͕͚̙̼̮̭̭͔͓̹̯̦̲̫͔̣̰̪͉͓̠̲̗͉̠͙̗̤͓̙̣̬̦̙̭͍̣̳̰̙̱̲̻͕̠̱̈͌̄̇̔́̈́̎̍̋͆̃́͊̀̉̃́͑̈́͑̊̏͌̊̈́̋̈͋̎͑̈̒͛̃̀̾̈́͛͂́̋͆͂͂̾̀̾̅͑̑͌̽͂̆͋͗͌̃͑̔͌͋͂̄̄̅̐̇̔̍̃̋͊͂͑̄̓͑͑̃͐̌͑͂͌̋̐̉̂̆̐̆͂̕͘̚̕̚̚͘̚̚̚̚̚͜͜͠͝͝͠͝͝͝ͅͅ8̶̨̨̛̛̛̛͓̳̙̙̻̻̰͔̟̯̭̝̘̯̲̠͂̔́͐͗͒̉̊̑̊̃̾̒͂͌́͐̄̌͑͛̂̊̈́̂̃̎̈͊̈̾͐̇̀̉̀́̇̓͑̐͊̇́̀̀͗̎̽̽̌̃̂͆̐̾͑͊̿̆͊̏͊̈̃̎̈̎̇̊͗̆̏͂̄́́͑̐͛͆͌̏̿͌̊͋̽̅̔̀̏̐̃̈̈̾͐̉͗̈̅̉͑͐͒̍̉̍̑̎̅̊͑͋́̏̑̏̉̆͗̊̃̂͗̄̂̓͋́̌͋͗̍͌̅͆̋̎͂͋̄̄̎̉͑̊̆͘̕̚͘̚̕̕̚͘̚͘̚̕̕͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͠͠͝͠͝͝͠͠ ̷̡̢̢̡̢̢̡̨̡̛̛̛̮̻̬͇͇͈̝̦͇̼̬͙̻͙̩͍̣̬̙̤̖͈͍͚̝͖͈͍̦̮͕̖̼̱̦̰̻͉̞̪̖̖͎̙̯̩͕͎̙̹̜̱͈͕̗̣͈̺͙͎̮̤̹̘̳͖̰̭̦̜̹̭̹̻̘̪͔̦͖͓͇͈̘̹̗͙̠̰̰͔̼̫̣͍̭̜̜͓̪͓̌̽̐͐̾̌̒̂́͂̋̔͊͑̓̊̍̋̿͌́̌͛̎̅̃͛̋̃̎́̔̀͋̉̉̂͌̽͗͒̈́̽̾̏̊͗̈́̋͋̾̆̀̿̌̃̌͋̍͊̐̏̓́͛̿͒̏̅̃̽̓̐̔͛̎̉͊͗̅͂̆̊̍̆̋͆̾͂͛͂͊̅͌̿̆̑̿̿̅͗̃̍̓̾̇͊́͌͛̏̃̋̋̉̇̿̔͌͋̇́̌̄̑̌͗̋́͑͋̎͑̐̔̀̅̂̒̐̋̋̓̃̍̿̿̉̋̔̍͑͂͘̚̕̕͘͘͘͘͘͜͜͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͝ͅ8̶̢̢̨̧̡̟̖̞͎͔̱̞͚͍̟͇͉͕̞̣̩̪͕̩͚̪̮̙̯̺̆̽̑̈́̃͒́̆͑̈̌̋̿̈́͐́̀́̈́́̽̕̚͘͜͠ͅͅẗ̴̢̡̧̨̢̡̢̧̢̧̡̡̡̧̧̧̡̧̢̛̛̛̖̹̠͍͇͔͙͔̥͙̳͙̺̪̝̩̮̤̣̟̯̺̖͈͙͇̘̭̠̪̺͉̜̦͔͇̰̲͎͍̫̜͕̪̳̤̮͎̫̞̦̦̟͍͕͍̫̳̼̜̠͙͍͖͍̦̤̲͎͎͍͕̥̘͙̥͚̱̺̯̗̘͙̝͕͔̩͇̠̰̭̗̙͇̼͉͍̙̳̞͙̠͕͎͍̳̰̜͍̙̰̤͈̩̪̭̖̗̺̺̫̺̝̝̫̹̬͙͈̩͈͖̩̫̭̳̼͖̖͍̫͈͍̖͚̦͍̖̤̳͚͖̺̹̪͕̞͕͕̘̘̫̼̰̝̦͙͚̗̬̯̗̺̠̗̦̤͕͉͕͕̝̥̱̫̥̬̫͙̥͉͇̫̱̮͖̜̝̥͇͕̞̯̹̱̺̘̝̻͎̫̩͓̭̳̘̬̮̱̗̰͖̹̘̥͓̺͍͖͔͈̭͔̘̝͖̖̞̪̥̭̹̼͔̜̤̺́̆̓̍̏̊͑̑̊̐̋͋̀͌͂́̿͂̃̆͑̒̔̀͛̂̎͆̋̈́̋̔̒̅̒͐̒̐̎̍̒̆́̌̀̍̒͊́̑͆̽͑̈́́̔̑͛͌̐̽́͒͌̇͗͂͋͐̽͆̃̔͊͋͋̽̔̈͋͑̋̕͘̕̚̚̕͘̚̕̕̚͜͜͜͠͝͝͠͝͠͝͠͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅĝ̸̨̛̛̥̫̮̙̖̪̫͍͉͓̍́̉̈́́̋̌̅͌̅̇̑̈́̉̄̾͗͛͑̋̀́́́̈̽̆̇̎̂̃̍͑̊̈́́̓̑͌̈́͑́̾̌̑̑̐͗̈̅̿͋̔͂́͑͑̍̉̅̊̚͘̕͝͝͝ų̵̧̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛͈͓͔͓̩͇̼͙͇͖͓̭̳̪̩͉͚̻̖̮̦͇̈́͌͛͆͋̓͑̏̉̈̏̌͐̎̊͛͐̍͐̉͗̈́̒͒̐̅͂̎̓͛̐̄̔̑̂̀̄̆͗̀̈͒͌̀̂̀͑̀̀̇̋̆̋̎͂̿͆̄̾̎̍͐͒͑̽̀́͗̈́̇͌͛̈͑͐̋̌͗̊͌̊̽̈̌̋͒̔̐̅̆͛̃̿͐̃̃̓̊͊̈̿̅̌͆͑͑̾̌͊͂̀̊̊̽̄̽͐̎̅̾͊̆̿̂̋̑̈̋̒̅̌̇̋̉̒̐͑̂͒̂̇͌̋͑̂̎̎̽̋̿̅͋͆̎̏̇͊̄̒͋̍̄̃̋̽͋̄̋́̌̎̔̉͂̾̇̈̃̏̊̂̾́̎̉̊͌̆͌̉͋͒͑̀̔̉̽̕̕͘̕̕͘̚̕̚̕͘̚͘͘̚̕̚̚͜͝͝͠͠͝͠͝͝͠g̷̢̨̨̨̧̨̧̧̧̡̨̡̨̧̨̡̨̨̨̢̨̡̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̙̹̞͍͎̰̦̼͚͎̲̰̱̻̯̥̤̥͇͓̖̜̟̗̥͕̩̦̗̩̗̹̼͉͔͉͍̦͕͔̖̥͔̙̱̬̩̹̞̮̹͇͓̹͓̝̭̼̦̝͎̤̟̹̮͍̟̞̯͔̼͖̜͈͎̼͕̜͔̩̰̬̰̼͉͔͍̣̟̝̦̙̱̙̤͕̺͙̲͖̺̗͙͇̥͍̰̥͖̜̗̭̻̖̯̗͈͖̖̠̜̬̝͔̺̬͕͉̞͎͓̬̪̳̝̣͍̰͎͚̻̞̱̙̞̠̻̫͔͚͉̹͕̞͖̦͇̖͓͎̘͎͎̘̳͉̫̮̖̦̞̪̤͈̲̟̗͈͔̘̥̥͓̙͚̳̹̟̣̦̰͎̥̼̝͇̞̖̙̖͕͍̰͔̦̠̯͔̫̦͖̪̭̥̤̹͍̯̘͎͓̪̩̻̞̖͇͈̤̠͔͎̦̪̟̠͎͓̜̟̯̬͈̘̻͉̪͚͙͚̱̩̮͇̺̱̦̔̅͊̊̀͒̈́̂̔͛̂̐̈́̿̐̆͋̍̀̍̅͂̈́͑̿͋̀̓̋́̊̉͗͌̎̿͒̌̏̇͊͑͗͑̈́͂̔̓̂̽̈̒͋̄̿̏̉̏͆̂̔̏̋̎́̓̉̏͆̀̈̿̉͌̓̉͑͐͌͛̇̊̉̊̋̌̀̄́̔̀́̄̐̾͋͗͂̄͆̒̅͛̀̃̏͆̒̒͂͒͗͋̓̃̎̍̀̎̐͌͗̉̾̏͛̇̍̏̍̌͑͋̏̒̐̈͆͛͑͗̈̍̔̏͐̃͐̎͂̉̌̅̆͆̈̽̒̈͊͂̒͆͋̉͒͘̕̕̕̚̕̕̚̕͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͠͝͠͝͠͝͠͝͝͠͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅa̵̧̨̡̨̧̡̪̩̺̬͔̜̤͈̖͎͈̖̰͕̝͚͇͍̩̻̟̪̘̫̘͙͇̙͎̟̫̺̬͇̟̞̰̗̭͉͈̺̠̜̻̳̩͍̻͎̼̻̲͙̙͈̰̟̤̻̞̦̫̜̬̬̗̞̤͈̭̜̟͚̥̮͍̥͇̤͕̺̖̱̝̜̞͍͔̲͇̖̟͉̱̝͖̗̰͕̩̰͈̠̞̙͕̝̫̦͙̰͖͈͕̙̝̫͇̦̒̑̒̊̅̀̏̐̔̈́̓̽͛̌͆̈́͐̈̂͐̂̓́̿́̈̓̾́̀̎͌̃̚̕͘͜͜͠ͅͅͅͅͅa̶̡̧̨̡̨̧̢̡̢̨̢̧̡̧̢̧̨̨̨̛̛̛̛͍̫̖̘̺̖̮̥̦̳̰̤̗̹̫͈͈͎̘̤͉͚̣̯͓͕̱̦̫̪͓̞̰͖͉̬̩͔̘̟͓̙͇̠͕̤̰̪͖̬̟͈̟̥̩̺͖̦͙̱̘̙̝̭͔͈̬̗̗̫̫̱̣͈͎͍͇̜̤͖͖̣̻̼̮͉̻̝̦̟̤͎͉̩̭̮̘͔̖̘̮͇̙͎̮̤͈̥̜͈̲̠̞̯̥̹̗͚̣̍̈́̎̀̓̿͗̇̍͑͋̎͗̏̈́̿̓̈͌̈̿̿̀̽̆͆̂̽͂̋̈͑̄̃̈́̋̋̓͋̅̓͐̈̿̄͋͛̎͌͗͊̓̀̂̑̏͌̑͆́͌̍̅̑̇̽̏̄̀͂͗̄̀͋̌̀̇͒͑̇͑̇̐̈̋̑̒̽͂̆̽̎̉͋̿̈̂̀͋̌͋̉̌͛́͗̌̄͆̌͗̆̽͆̈͛̊͋̈̎̑͑̓̒̽́͑̅̒̔̍̄̊͌̅̕̕̚̕͘͜͜͜͠͝͝͠͝͝͝͠͝͝͠ͅ ̸̡̢̨̡̧̨̧̡̧̧̡̡̢̧̢̡̡̨̢̧̧̨̢̡̢̨̢̧̢̨̨̧̧̡̡̡̛̛̛̛̛̛̛͕̳͖̩̦̼̹̭͈̜̟̥̗̬̝̲̠̭̬̤̣̦͔͙͙̦̟̠̮͙͔̞̭̤̹̥̥̪͇͓͇̫͔̻͙̺̰͉͓̰͇̹̱̺̯̭̹̣̝̹̞͕͇̟̲͚̲̫͚̭̖̘̪̤͈̺̬͓̩̘͖͚͇̲͍̗͈̬̯͉̱̗͔̠̗̺̠̠͚̯̠̭̗̘̣̪̲̮̫͓̪̱̯̰̭͙̗̠̜͍͈̟̤̱̻̲̮͉̹̝͖͚̙̫̝̘͙͚̦̻̗͎̬̭̘̳̥̬̜͖̤̥̞̫̥̺̫̦͕̖̥̼͙̤̗̜̫̯̭̫̺̯̱̲͙͖̩̫̹͖̞̰̩͙͈̮͓͍̠̠͓͚͓͍͍̥̘̗̰̭̻̣̪̳͉̘̮̰̥̪͎̺̬̤͎̫̭̠̟͍̜̟̮̗̼̥͕̯͍̣͖̘́̋̀͌́̌̉̏͑̈́͆̑̇͛͗̉̍̀̏̉̌̀̓́̆̓̅̌̒̃͌̔̂̿̄̿̈́̈́͊̒͛̑̃̂̃̇̿̄̂̋̀̑̾̉͌̐͗̔͑̓̓͋̇͆̄̈̒̾́͛̎̑͂̉̔̊̽͐̾͗͋͑̓͐͐̿̿̂̾̂̇̌́̅̔̑͒͗̽̏̽̾͊͗̔̉͋͐̀͆͗̐̌͂́̐̆͂́͛̽̌̉͒̒̆͆͛͐̆̈͒͊̐̽̾͊̃̊͋͊͋̎͗̇̅̏̅̑͌͗̄̎͊͒͑̾̂̒̉̑͊̿̿̃͛̀̆͐͐͒͐̂̾͊̂͂̎͂̋̏̇̽͊͋̃̾̊̏̃͌̓̄̾͌̃̒͘͘͘̚̕̕̚̚̕͘͘͘̚͘͘̕͘̚̕̕̕͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͠͠͝͠͝͝͠͝͝͝͠ͅͅͅͅd̸̡̢̨̡̡̛̛̛͍̟͖̩̗̰̤̖̹̫̘͕͇͎͓̼̮͍̗̣̗̙͖̳̤̗̙͙̘͚̖̮̳̩͖̩̼̗̼̻͕̮̥͙̭̰͚̙̙̰̠̬͕̼̳̟̣̦̤̜̟̹̦̜͈͓̠̰̥͈̠͉̦͈̳͔̳̖̠͉̦̻͇͓̯̩̰̟͙͚̹̔̀̓͂̔̈͂̃̀͛̋̓̈́͗̓̉̀͑̊̍̾͛͂͐̾̊̑̇͋͊̈́͛̀̿̌͂͗̈́́́̈́̇͑͋̂̀̓̐̑̋̍̑͋͌̋̅͛̌̋̀̂̂̇̒̔͆͐̉͆̅̂͛̄̊̀͂͑͆̅̄̋́̑̅̈̉́̋͂͗̾́͛̏̀̇̄̂͛̉̽͂͛̓́͌̓̌̐͂͂̊͌͒̂̋̿͋̅͌͌̾̋̆͐͑̍̾͒͌̐̑̆̃̇͒̎͒̏̍̿̔̓̑̐̽̊͒̾̐̍͊̐̒̆̂͐͊͒͛͂̀̒̄̐̒͂̊̾̍̍̀̌̽̂́̎̄͊͐̒̍̍͋̌͋̋̿͋͌̔̏͌͗̊̈̿͐̅͗̐̍͐̇̄̏͛̄̐͊̾̏͋̆̀̈̑̚̕̕͘͘̚̕̚̚̚̚̚͘̕͘͘̚͜͜͜͜͜͜͠͠͠͝͝͠͝͝͠͝͠͝͠͝͝͝͝͠͝ͅͅͅͅd̶̢̡̧̧̨̡̡̢̨̧̡̧̨̢̛̛̛̛̛̬͇̪͉͚̤͕̩͚̮͓̫͔͇̝͚̲͖͇̣̦̝̠͔͓̦͚͓̘̞̜̪͓͍̣͇͓͖̭̳͇̘̺̝̼̹͖̻̳͓̯͇̟͓̻̲̻̲̳̫̩͔͙͓̜̖̦̣̣͔̝̭͇̪̯͓̳̣͕̥͔̮͓̠̯̮̤̠͈̹͎̜̗̣͖̭̰̱̜̣͉͇͖̲̘̳̥̟̰̗̤̳͓̭̭̫̙͙̩͇̩̼̩͉̩̮̼̯̺̼̟̳̗̞͕̩̟̪͓̮̣͚̘̱̬̝̭̫͚͉͚̠͚͎̝͈͕͖͎̤̗͔̭̀͊̉͋̔́̈́̔͋̀̈́͛̀͊̐̑̌̽͆̈́͒́̑͛͂̐͋̿̾̂̅̈́̾͛́̊̀͆̊͗̀͊͆̂̓̏́͛̃͒̀̔͋̈̽̂́̃̂̂̾̀̊̋̎̂̌͛̀̆͊̑̋̄̈̂́̾͂͒̌̈̀̊͑̐́͛͊̀̌͛̏͒͗̏͋̈͆̋͒̋̏͌͛͒̐̄͑͊̏̇͒̂̀̎̒͐̌͒̒͒͂̄͑̀̂̾͋̅͛̓̅͋̑̾̀͆͗̾̑̀̐̎́̇̂̒̀͐͐̈͊̾͑̉̐̉̃̒̾̌̐̽̃̎̂̆̍̽̔͊̿̓̐̍̏͊̌̀̊͂̅͆̑̾͌̀̓̂̑͗̏͘̕̕͘̚̚̕̕̕̕͘̕͘͘͘̚̕̕̕̕͜͜͜͝͝͝͠͝͝͠͝͝͠͝͝͠͝͝͠͠ͅͅ ̶̨̧̨̢̢̢̢̡̢̧̡̧̧̢̧̧̧̡̢̡̢̛̛̛̛̛̜̹͈͙͇̲̦͓̰̳̬͚̯̱̫̩̘̱̮̫̼͍̱͈̣͖͈̯̲̬̠̱̲̼̥͇̘͔͓͈͍̞̭̭͎̗͎̘͈̱̠͕̣̼̯̝̦͎̯̺͉̺͚̖̤͓͇̘̗̯͔͖̲̼̱̘̝̩̞̘̼̘͙͓͇̣̻͖̲̫͇̣͈͕̖͈̰̰͖̹̺̤͉̭͇͎̦͍͔͈̭̩̜͉̰̜̝̪͎̜̹̪̰̟̖̘̩̫̙̼̳͙̩̪͔̤̝͖͚͎͎̻̥̞̜̖̠͊̑̾́̒́̾̍̌̂̓̍͐̽̓̆́͐̿̎͊͋͒̿͊́͊͂̑́̈̏̒͌̈̊̓̓̓̽̈́̂̃̄̀̐̏͛̈́̈́̑̀̑̇̏̐͊͂̔͐̈͗̿͛͆̆͒̃̇̅̌̏̿̀̾̽̒̌̌̓̋̒̏̓̂̍͌̎̇̈͌̒̌̔͊̀̆̒͂̿͑͊͛͐̉̇̂͗͐͂͗̆͋͗̅̊͐͊̋̿̑̔͗̋͌̌̋̃͒̍̄͒̓͊̊͑͗̋͑̍̉̍̽̋̅̅̑͛͒͌̊͂̿̎̉̀̕͘͘̕͘͘͘̚̚͘͘̚͘͘͘͜͜͜͠͝͝͝͠͠͝͠͠͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅr̸̨̡̢̛̛̞̼̠͍̜̟̥̯͇̠͓͖̜̄͊͊͋͋̏̾̈́͗̒̓̓̑̀̉̒̀̒̓̃͑̏̄̉̆̈́̎̄̇̄̏̇́͊̌̌̆̎͛̌͆̾̌̈́͆̋͊̓̅̿͋͑͐̇̀̂̾̏̅̋̃̂͗͐̎̈̎̾̋̈̾̋͒̾̑̅͊͛̑̐͒͑̋͊̂͌́́̈̍̉͆̏̐͌̒͑͑͆̏̔͑̔͗̓̑̌̆͐̄͗͌̂̈̔̋̆͒̏̋͐͛̌̔̍̿̕͘̚͘̕̚͘͘͜͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͠͝ͅ8̸̢̢̡̢̧̨̡̧̧̡̡̧̡̧̡̧̢̧̧̢̢̨̨̧̛̛̛̛̛͍̼̟̘̲͙͔̪̜̰̰̫̖̲͔̜̗̪͚̩̯̻̗̻̭̤̱̞̻̻̙̼͉̰̪̭͉̭̪̬͍̻͙̜̖̫͕̬̭̟͚̺̟̳̝͔̰͍̮̺̺̺̟̳̼̺̦̺̭̦͙̤̩̤͉̠̦̺̪̭͈͍̞̩͍̞̣̫͙͖̻͖̫͖̣̞̮̝̫͚̣͇̝͍̥̘̣̣̤̠̩͚̩̬̟͍̺̤͍̮̹̙̠̩̺̼̪̤͍̗̠̟̼̳̩͔̘͚̺̬̱͎̬͉͚̝͈̭͇̩͍̬̯̻̹͎͖̱̥̹̜̫̪͓̲̖̭̭̟̩͕̺͍̩͕̫̞͈̯̞̭̩̻̘̫̰͚͓͙̘͙͈̗̳̥̖̮̖͚͈̳̲̖͙̫͙̮͍̪͓͍̝͇͔̬̝͎͇̖̗͍̖͚̯̹͎͍̳̫͓̗̘̫̳̱̜͕̝̪͒̓̅̐͋̊̀́̀͐̌͑͋̆͂̊́̓͆̈́̇̿͂̅̆͒̇̊̅̌͗̄͗̇̀͒̇̍͗̇̔̈́̇͑̌͐͛̂̋̿̋̋̏̐̀̓̾̉̀̓̑̔͛͌͐́͑̇̐͗͊̅̐̎͆̆̂̊͆͐̽͒̅͑̍͑̾̄͗̎̈̉̔̓̍̓̋͊͑͐͋̽̏̄̅͂̉̒̽̀̌̑͐͐̎̒̃͛̇͊͆͆̀́̌̏͂̑̈͑͒̋̋͛̂͂͒͌́̔̏͐̂̆̅͐̎̔̉̄͋̎̃͒͐̀̊̋̓̍̉̎̅͌̒͛͆͋̊̕̕̚̚͘̕̚̕͘̕͘͘̚̚̚͘͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͠͝͝͝͠͠͝͝͝͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅ8̷̢̢̢̡̡̛̙͙͈͉͙̘͔͍̙̩̻͎̻͔̳͖͍̱͔̳̰̹̯̼͕͈̟̫̭̘̙̝͈͔̫̞̠̝͔̝͍̙̬̩̣̘̱͉̞̤̞̗͍̘̤͍̰̰̰̈́̄̍̈́͐͆̓͒͌̎̌̐́̏̐̄̿̋̍́̏͑̆̂̏̓̾̿̍̅̀͋̋̌̇̎͒̇̂̃̋͛̽̍̉͊̅̂͑̿̎̽͂́̾̊͂͒̓̽͑́̅̒̉͛̍̀̒̈͗͗̕̕͘̚̕͠͝͝͝͝ͅ ̶̢̨̛̛̛̛̛̛̺̹͖͓͓̲͖͙̞̘̜̩͎̯̹͚̯͈͖̲̿̑̓̋̈́̾̿͒̓̇͑̈́̽̑̔͌͊̓̐̅̐̀̆͒͆͆͐̈́̏̈́͛̈̑͌͛̓͐̄̒̓̀̎̉̄̉̇̿͗̏̍̐̋͊̊̈̅͒̄̿̾̾̔̔̐̑͐͂͒̃͒̉́͛̇̓̋̄͗̎͗̾̇̉̃̾̃̎͛͊͑̿̀̋̇͛̄́̋̉̉͑̆̀̽͌̑̒͑͑͊̏͛̉̽̄͒̆̋̀̋̉͑̎̇̎̊̂̑̍͆̓̃̊̄̾̆̈̂̅̃͒̚͘̕̚͘̕̕̕͘͘͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͠͝͠͠͠8̷̨̨̧̡̧̢̨̢̧̨̢̧̢̧̧̨̧̨̡̢̧̠̻͉̜̻̞̦̜̟̬͎͈̻̻̖͔̰͎̻̟̰̭̳̟͉̥͓̩͙͇͙̼̜̠̺̩̳̦̤͚̟̙̹̜̝̩̥͎͖͈̠͕͈̹̜̹̟̘̞̹̳͍͕͍̱̫̰͈̝̦͇̺͖͔̣̥̙̠̻̺̤̪̲̙̩̠̫̤̺̠̠͉͕̤͍̮͇̠̮̲̘͔͖̘̮̮̦̯̝̩͙̼͍̜͎̯̺̥͔̹̞̝̬̱̘̩̖̻̭̘͓̻̗̟͚͙̟̜͙̯͓̳͓͙̳̟͕͈̠̗̟̥̯̖̭̞̲͉̝̞͇͉̳̖̭͉͇͚͓̻̲͉͕̦͍͍̗̮̟̱̣̦̣̼̘͇̳̦̰̲̩̱͈͇͎͎̳̟̝̠͉̣͈͙͈͚̰̣͍͎̞͍̫͉͉͖͚̲͎̭̯̞̖̦̠̰̤͖̹̜̼̙̟̱̟̲͈̲̞̻̫̳̜͖̘̠̭̈́̆͆͜͜͜͜͜͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅt̶̨̧̧̧̡̛̛̛̛̛̻̯̥̭̝͇͍̥̹͎̥̣̩̭͍̻̪̘̲̯̬̞͍͓͓͚̜̼̼̩̤͕̤͇̥̩̺̗͓̥̯̹͑̾̔̃̀̃͐̈́̅͆͑͒͐̐͑̀̅̀̂̉̋̽͐̋̃̈͗͒̑͌̇͊̒̒͗̃̂̋̉͐̑͐͂̏̎̂̂͊̀̅̐̅͋̓͛͌̍͋̉̃͛͗͊͂̆̍̈̊̄͑̈̑͆̏̉̀̃̒̽̽͌̒͊͐̏͂̍͗͐̃̾̓̀̍̑̃̐̏̐͆̀̑̿͊͂͐̎̃̾͗̌̾̊̚͘͘̚͘͜͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͠͝ͅģ̴̢̧̢̧̨̢̨̢̡̨̢̨̛̛̛͇͙͔͚͎̯̥̦̱̰̝̦͈̞̲̦̯̰̞̙͔̪͓̤̮͙̜̣̻̦̙̙͕̳͇̺̩͇̣̺͇̝̗̞̼̼̲̲̻͚̟̥̪̼͖̣̖̜͙̭̖̤͔̦̝̗̞͚̝̺̰̼̱͍̘̱̤̤̰̠̬̺̘̹̫̻̲̯̫͙̫̙͍̣̩̜̙̮̲͎̝̝͚̺̥̠͎̱̜͙͍͍͓͖̰͓͙̰̙̮̘̯̦̮̣̱̯̺̣̺͕̺̦͕̻̳̠̥̮̥͗̒͌̓̄͐͊́̏̊̽͛͗̊́̂̂͌̃͋̒͋͒̀̅̿̒͑̋̇̿͛̈́̀̈́̀̊́͌̀̾͒̉̄͑̅̓͂̾̎͂̅̏͆͂͌̑̏͌͛̂̑̆̊͒̿͋̀̄̀̔͗̏́͗͛̎̀͑͑̑̉̍̾̀͑͂̑͑̆̋͒̎̇̏̉̎̍̌̂͒̿͌͒͗͌̌͐͐͊̽̑͒͆̍̐̆̂̐͐̾͂͌͑̏̆́͊̾́͌̿̒͊̒̽́̊͆͋͋̔͊̒̒̓̀̆̄͊̓̉͗̍͆̍͌͂̈̎̌̂̚͘̚̚̚͘̚͘͘̚̕͘̕̚̕̚͘͜͜͜͜͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͠͝͝ͅͅư̶̧̨̡̧̨̡̫̥̝̼͙̪̰̺̠̮̠͈̤̭̩͎̫͎͕̩̱̫͚̠͓̦͈̙̫̤̙̠̤̱̭͇̭̮̪͖̰̖̱̫͇͈̖͓͕̹̪̤̤̋́̏͐͌̅̊̍̒̈̈́̈́́͆̈́͌̋͐̄͋̒̍͗̈̈́̌̽̃͐́́͐̆͆̀͌͊̈́͊͆͌̐̎̔͗̓̍̑̉͊̐̃̅̽̍͊̽̎͌͋͊̏̔̓͊͑͆͒̅̒̔̅̌́̅͐͗͘̕̕͘̚̕̚̚͘̕̚͠͝͠͝͝͝͠͝ͅͅg̷̢̢̨̢̢̡̡̨̢̢̨̡̢̨̢̨̢̡̧̧̨̡̧̧̧̡̡̛̛͈̝̳̭͓̠̣̲̘̹͓͇̮͇̗͓̭̬̦̬͙̥̮̯̲̪̪͉̲̪̝̞͔̮̙̱̫̩͙͉͖̲͚̗̤̠͖̗̣̬̟̳̰̩̼̪̟̬̲͈͇̣͉̳̟̳̠̝̗̥͎̻̺̙̗̥͎̖̲̗͙̻̟͎͙̖͇̼̱͖͉̖̼̼̱̣̮͔̳̼͇͍̞̰͎̬͍̹͔̲̲͕̘͔͇̮͉̗̤͙̳̠̻̗̦̼̥͖̠͍̮͖̩͔̝̭̼͔̖͓̗̱̼͙̲̮͈͙̯͎̝̯̣̲̠̮̬̙͎͚̜͔̻̯͓͙̭͈̞̗͇̻̱̦͈̠̖̝̣͔̪̬̟̗̝͈̞̜̝̫̗̫̲̗̪̘̳̙̹̺͎̝͔͉̲̳̗̤̝̘̖͔͉̖̭̗̟͕̞͉̖̦̙̣͕͈̝͖̩̠̻̗͚̞̜̠̭̠̮̺͔̃̇̈́̾̈̇́̅̑̄͋͗͑̒͆͒͊͆͌̈́͑̒̾́̔̏̾̑̒͌͑́̾̈́̆͒̄̋̊͐̔̾͌̎̌͆͑̌͑̿̕̕̚͜͜͜͝͠͠͠͝͠͝ͅͅͅa̶̢̨̧̨̩͙̱̮͔͍͖͕͕̰͔̫͔̣̜͉̣͔͕͔̝͖̻̐̍́̏̄̑̿͆́̎̉́́̂̀̓͛͂̈́̐͛̈́̍̐̚̚͠͠a̶̢̡̢̛̻̼̥̟͔̳͉͈͌̾̀̆͊̅̍̉͑̌͆͒̇͗̓̾̓̐̈́́͐̄̌͋͛́͗̑̂͒̎̆̀̍͐͌̓́͊͊̕̚͜͝͠͝͝ ̸̧̧̢̧̢̢̢̢̢̢̡̡̡̡̛̛̛̻̹̝̖͕̞͖̠̬̼̘͉͔̺̝͍̰͖̟͚̬͍͖̲̫̤̯̤̭̩̱̹̦͎̳͓̱̭̺̲͈̩̺̞̜͇̰̳̪̱͈̭͔̰̬̲̹̮̜̯̱͈̹̰̠̮̻͚̹̱͇̹͙̼̯̟̱̱̥̟͖̭̟̹̪̬̥͓̝̪̤̬̥͖͉̪̼̬̺͔͉̯̞̼̲̩͕̩̠͇̟̭̣͕͎̣͎̙̱̱̘͈̳̦͖͍͖͈͓̖̤̟̰͍̦̦̰̲̺̺̲͈̜̙̦̙̜̱͍̠̜͕̬̟̬̻̜̮̬̱͖̺͖̦͙̫̯͉̗͚͙̻̪̊̿̂̎̔͒̓̏̍͗͗̽͒̄̐̄̓̂̋̓̆͋̈́̀̑̃̅͊̌̈́̏́̌͌͊̽̀̽̽̈́́̐̽̔̄̌͗̋͐̆̋̇̑̃̄͌̾̍̑͒̋̒̍̔͊͊̉͊͒̄̓͋̒̾̋͘̕͘̚͘̚͘̚͜͝͝͝͝͠͠͠͠͝͝͠d̶̨̡̢̡̢̢̢̢̧̢̧̢̨̨̡̡̢̨̨̢̧̡̨̡̧̧̡̢̢̧̨̡̨̛̝̺̹̱̗̩̖̰̯͇̭̰͚͇̮̞͓̫͇̝̘̪̣̪̫̭̻̳̻̟̯͍͕͍̫̣̜͚̟̩̻̯͓̰͉͉̪̝͇̝̫̥̩̺̻̜̠̟̘͎̰͖͈͇̪͚̗̯̫͇̞̯̼̱̖͙͉͕̣̺̙͇̤̺̲̠̟͍̬̝͈̹̼̖͙̟͙̜̠̫̺̟͔̭̘̰̹̞̲̲̹̘̱̪̘̜͉͕͈͖̮̲̝̺̪͇̘͇͕̜͚̫̞̬̺̗̗̳̫͎̥͖̦͍͈̞̣̬̼̫̞͔̯̠̱̻͖̻̬͖̟̙̠̟͚͓̞͙̱̩̖̩̙̠̼͔̭͉̻̳̱̼̜̲̼̙͉̼͇͉̲̣͎͇̬̤̞͙̭̱͕̺̝̮̞̬̺͙͚͔̣̺̠̮̟͍͉̻̬̱͚͖͕̙̙͙̲̗͙͈̬̘͓̰̣͎͇̼͐̄̉̄̌̾̏͑͆͂͑̀͗́̊̑̾̓̈́̏̄̈̈́̍͊͒̎͊͂̃̀̀̅̊͒̅́̓̈́̍̂͑̿́̓̈́̊̄̈́͑̿̋̅̋̽̔͌̐̋̏͆̏͂́̅̉͋̂̆̇̆͑̇̃̽̊̀͊̇̕̚̚͘̚͘͘͘͘͘̕͜͜͜͜͜͠͝͠͝͝͝͠ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅd̸̢̨̧͙̬̺̣̗̭͙̥̗̬͚̲̞̤̫̠̫̝̟̘͆̈̒̀̑̏̉̎̇̓́͗̈́̎̀̂̆̐͗̇̏̊͂̈́͑̓̆́̅̇̀̉̆̐̃̍̌̈́͂̍͛̌͗̏͗̀̓͛̈́̑͊͋͒͑͛̎̅͒̀̌̐̒̓͛̓̔̀͆͐̉̓̆̐͘̚͝͠͝͝͝͠ ̵̧̡̧̢̨̡̡̨̨̨̡̡̨̢̢̡̨̧̢̢̢̢̨̢̢̨̨̢̧̥͇̺͇̳̘͍̬̳̲͈̻̥̦͍͉͎̻̦͎͖͖͓͍̘͇̣͓̘͚̺̜̦̥̮͍̠̟̮͔̺͎̞̥̭͍̗̖̥̠̭̬̳̦̖̻̦̝̰̠̖͍̼͙̮͇͕̠͈͎̲͖̜͈̣̞̗͙̺͉̞͇͔̮̪͉̼̯̜̠̹̻͕̘̣̩̖̖͔̫̯̘̖̰̲͚͔͓̹̤̺̜̼͓͙̞̳̝̲̹̝̻̣̻̦̭̰̣̞̜̺͇̯̭̲̠͙̘͎̠̗̱̯͍̞̥͚̮̦̮̰̩͈̝̹̣̲̜̹̖̞̩̝̹̝͈̠͈̹̙̭̝͚͕̻͚̟̫̘̞̳̰̖͍̟̠͔̰͍̭̼̤̙̞̱̗̣̣̳͎̟͚͚̘̰̱͚͎̯̠͕̮̝͓̺̖̖̞͍̺̣̠̟͖̫̩̦͈̜̺̟͇̉̌͆̓͆̇̿͛̍̈͆͛̒̃̈́͆̈̓̀͊͋͆̏̃̈͒̈́̃͆͂̑̆̿̂̓̂̽̄̐̎̋̎̀́̐̔̂̂̒͘͘͘͘͘͜͜͜͜͜͠͝͠͠ͅͅͅͅͅͅr̵̨̡̢̛̛̼͕̪̮̥̟̯͚̫̙͓͇͙̤̱̖̙̦̤͈͉̹͇̮͓͕͇̩̎̽̐̀̔̎̓̔̍͌̔̀͌̈́͛̿̂̌̀̍̊́̐̍͋̂͑͋̏̆̆̇̌̍͌̋̉̓̍́͘͘̚͘͘͜͜͝͝͠ͅ8̵̨̨̨̨̢̢̧̡̡̡̡̛̛̛̝̙̱̪̥͇̫̭̰̙͉͙̮̯͎̲̯̮̻̩͖̻̜͙͍̞͓̩̤̠̜̙͙͙̼̗͕̳̻̘̬̱̜̝͔̤̰͔̞̙̞̗̮̯̟̤̗̭̜͎̩̥̳͓̰͚̺͇̮̺̼̩̯͖̞̮͙̱̘͕͈̥̮̦̥̺͉͍͕̳̫͔̘̰̤̬̲͔̼̞͍̤̲͖͚̲̯͙̭̞̙̫͔̮̩̩̰̻̪͇͚̖̼͕̖̫͕͚̖͇͍͖͙̥̤̰̗̜̬̹̖̺̯̯̺̺̻̩̘͓͙̦̟̤̯̝̲̜̹̩̬̮͙̼̌̀̿̈̀͐̔͗̌̄́͆͋͋͂̍̅̅̔̃͒̀͒͌̃̂̋̔̃͊͂̐̓́̋̇̈͐̌̓̓̽̈́͆̓̄̄̀͂̊̎̈̋̉̉̈̉̊͛͛̃͂́̋̂͆͛̊͌͗̎̉̑͗͑̍̽̑̚͘̕̚̚̕̕̕͘̚͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͠͝͝͝͠͠ͅͅͅͅ8̵̧̨̢̧̡̧̢̧̢̡̨̧̡̡̧̨̡̧̧̢̛̛̛̦̪̘̟͔̜̞̺̰͕̮̻̪̭̣̣̝̘͉̘͎͓̬̜͈̫͕̜̗̮̙̙̖͔͉͓̹̫̳̱͙̻̫͍͎̝͙͈̥̘͕͔̹͕̤̜̰͎̱͓̭͉͈͖̮̳̞̠̥̥̱͙̯̫̲̤̭̣͍̣̳͉͉̻̘̤̭̱̙̘͍̦̬͙̖̗͇̻̳̭̞͚̣̺̤̠͚͎̼̱̹̣̦͉̮͙̤̲̟̱̠̲̤̥̗̟̗̤̝͉̗͔̯̠̟̮̜̯͇͚̼̟̪̤̣̳̹̪̩̻̘̘͖̹͖͉̲͙̖͖͚͕̖̮̗̯͓̜͛̏̏͆͛̎̉̒̂͋̈́͒̐̽̂̈̎̌̔̽̐̊̌̿͊͆̊́́̈́̄͆͌̅̏̈́̾́͐̈́͑̈́̏̂̈͊̓͌̂̈̂̈́͊͋̋̍̃͌̇͆̍̿̾̃͐̍̽̔̆̿͒̑͑̊̅͐̌̑̉̄̇̈̎̈̉̾͛̒̓͑̄̾̓̅̋͒͑̋̃̂̌̂͛̌̑̑͒̈̅̽̔̌̄͌̿̔̉̋͗̆̏̄͛͗̏͘̚͘̕̕͘̕̚̚̕̕͘͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͠͠͠͝͠͠͠ͅͅͅͅͅ ̶̡̧̨̡̨̢̢̧̛̛̛̛̛̭̫̗̩̼̲̥̲̮͎̝͈̘̞͙̹̯͕͍͈͇̤̦̣̬̥̖̤͍̯̤̹̻̰͓̠̦̟͎͉̘̥͍̠̲̘̺̭͓̥̝̍̈́̓̄̄͋͌̎̓̈͆̅̈́̂̎͗̑̓̍͌̅̈́́̅̌̐̂̈́̈́͑̅̆͛̒̓̏͐͂̈́͋̐́̅̇́́̊̽̑̿͐̉͊͛͋͑̄̈̾́̑̿̆̌̏̈̂̃̒̒͐̅̅̅͛̌͂̅͗͋̍̃͐̉̒̾̿̍͒̆̆̐͆͑̾̑̄́̅̍͗͒̾͐͂̽͒̂̄̎̈̽̎̎̓͌͗̈̏͆̂̅̀̊̆̓͑͌̆̆̽̌̓̅̾̿̊͛͒̃̔̀̑͌̄̈̔̐͌͌̇̄̓̍̌̿͑͒̎̉̂͋͛̆̋̈̀̌̓̏̄̐̎͛͌̇̇͛͘̚̚̚̚͘̚̚̚͘̕̕̕̚͘̕̕̕̕͜͠͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝ͅͅͅ8̶̧̨̨̢̡̡̧̢̧̢̢̨̡̧̨̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̞̘͍̱̣̦̩̼̮̬̲͙̰̣̪͉̠̙͇̗̮̮̮̺̥̲̯͔̤͎̦̳͈͇̣̳̩̤͖̠̫̙̗̙͎̞̯͈͙̤͎̪̠̥̗̟͕̠͖̮̱̬̩̫̬̬͖͈̥͔̣̬̫̺̞̝̝͈̙̜̱͕͔̳̯͕̺̲̱͕̠̤̩̼̱̬̖̜̠͎͔͙̪̪̜̖͖̝̣͉͚̎̃͂̋̈͆̃̾́́͂̀͒̑̌̐͋̽̋̅̑̊̅́͒̀̀̈̏̐͑̿͆͐̈́̈́͆̀͋̂̇̿̐̈́̆̐̿̿͂̂̿̔͆̔̍̽̿͒͐͋̽̐̂͊̅͌̏̽̔̍̈͑̀͛́̎̌̄̅͊̍̌̋̿̽̑͐͗̎̿͆͐̑̉̃͗̐̃͌͋̇̃͗̑͊̌̃̅̃̉̂̆̇̂͗̀̿̋͗̒͑̀̏̎̅́̌̂͂͂̇͐͌͒̆̈͊̅͋̐͑́͐́͛͂̂͌̍͋̋͐̾̆̒̄̇͋͌̾̂̕͘̚̚͘͘̚̚̕͜͜͜͠͠͝͝͠͝͝͠͝͠͠͝͠͠ͅͅͅͅͅt̵̨̢̨̢̡̨̧̢̨̡̨̡̡̨̡̧̛͙̭̲̩̰͙̪̪̞̲̦̲͇̣̱͖̘͕̠̖̠̜͍̤͇̦̜̼̺̯̞̬̥̗̙͓̠̲͍̘͎̝͔̭̜̟̤͎͍͍̹͈̟̘̬̬̜̫͉̦͓̺͇̳͉͇͕̠̭͈͙̭̣͉̗̬̮̖͕̠͙͉̼̰̹̭̰̤̹͎̰̣̩͙̳̼̻̜̹͉̩͕͍͇̳̱̖̤͖̩͇̠͍̩̮͉̻̖̻̬̣̆͋͂̽͋̃̂͂̔̉̈̿̌̓̈́̌̾̉̈́̇͗͌̈́̐̇̋̊͗̍̓̉͗̍͂̀̐̈́͂͋̄͋́̽̌̾̓̆̇̉̉͑͒̽͊͛͊͋̆̔̽͐̿̚̚̚̚͘̕͝͝͠͝͝͝ģ̴̡̨̨̢̨̡̢̨̧̡̢̛͇͔̪̻͓͖̜͖̗̭̬͚͓̹̯͎͉͖͔̭̗̻͈̝͈̗͓̬̮͈̟͖͈̬̥͍̻͍̫͎̠͚̣̙͇̜̤͇̲̭̼̙͍̺̘̪͇̮̗̜̼̼̟̳̟̺͍̳̘͚̭̝͉͉̳̩̟̦͈̖̰̙̩̹͓̜̻͔̪̙̘̭̘͖̮͉͉̬̱͔̲͇͕̮͙̝̦͕̱͕̳͚͔̠͚̥̪͎̥̬̪̯̰̺͉̟͙̩̜͕͙͍̭̫̳̯̰͚̝̜̝̺͚̪̱̭̻̜̮̬̥͕͍̭̻̲̘̘͍̼̝̙͉̳̰̅̇̄͐̔͒̐̋̀̃̅̅̽́͐̊̔̊͒̏͑͛̎̇̄̒̈́͐̃͋̎̀̄́̈́̌̅̓̽̑͐̈̔̌̂̄̌̐̈̆̔̓͊͌̉̔͊̃̋͗̈̀̈͒͊͊̾̃̾̎̍̃̂͆͌̉̏̈͂̃̀̀̎͌̿̓̒̌̇͋͊̉̋͌̐̕̕͘̚̚͘̚̕͘͘͘͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͠͝͠͝͠͝͠͝ͅͅͅư̸̧̛̛̛̛̛̛̛͎̳̱̘̯̪͚̪̩̤̼̩͔̭̜̟̦̣͂͌̃̌̋̈́̽̒̓̍͗̎̓̐̑̆̊̑͒̃͐̈̍͋̊̓̽͂̂͗́́̀̓̈́̽͂́͆̎̈́̓̀̆̓̿̀͑̇͂̔͛̍͒̒̇̐̄̐̋̈̀͐̆͂̂̐́̃̍̋̔͋̿̊͐̇̿̅͛̽͋̇̀̏̓͗́͛͊͋̿́͌͗̈͆̌̄͊͆̑̇̑̑̏͑͋̄̌͊̽̆̒́̋͑͑̒͆̾͋͂̃̃̾̌̓͑̑͗̔̄̈̽̇͒̑͊̋͋̇̉̔̆͑͌̊̃͐̎̂̎͒̏̃̽̎͛̋̊́͂̀̍̂̔̃̒̿͌̃̅̓̆̐̌͑̿̇̎̉̋̔̆̓͂͆̂̂̏̾̃̇͊̂̉͌̋̔̔̈̍͊̄͑̉̃̚̚̕̚͘͘̕̕̚̚̕̕̚̕͘̕͘̕͘̚̕͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͠͝͝͠͝͠͝͝͠g̶̨̨̢̨̛̛̘̼̠͓̲̣̣̼̗̜̬̯͈̞̙̻͉͕̗̰̝̥̭̝͕̜̲̩̖̖̲̙̠͖̩͈̬̫̘̲̫͇͇̗͙̞̖̗̞͚͚̱̝̙̳̞͙̫̠͙̣̤̪̳̺̊̓͆̑̓̓͒͂̑̐̾͑͆̌̃̓̆͑͂̓̓͛́̽̒̊̇͛̾͌̇̍͌͛̀̽̄̍̇͑̔͒̌̓̔͌̇͆̈̑̉̉̆̀͋͐̋́͂͗̂͛̂̆̉̓̉́̅͛͑̒͌́͆̍̎͆̑̋̑̈́͆̽̍̂̎͒̏̕̕͘͘͘̚̕͜͜͜͝͠͠͠͝͝ͅͅā̷̡̨̢̡̡̨̢̧̨̡̡̡̡̡̧̨͖̹͓͈͇̘̫̣͉̻̺̫̻̲̪̜̯̤͖͉̲̰̫̻̯̪͇̥͇͙̮̩͕͔̖̻̩̠̝̳̲̩̼̙͎̣͔̞̣̞̫̼̣̝̣̥̖̻̰̙͉͇̫͍̲̹̘̬̱̪̭̝̹̬̙̭̫͈̞̖̖͙̖̦̹̳̲͔͙̼̰̠̺̬̩͓̲̝̮̫̜̣̱̫͓̻͍̦͔̫̮̣̥̙͙͔͇͕̱͎̞͚̼̺̖̜̫̣̱̘̘̫̮̤̜̞̭̣͙̲͖̤̼̠̞̜͇̪̭̫̯̖͔̖͕̩̮̞͎̭̹̹̠̠̼͔̼̘̼̹͙̹̟̳̠̘͖̩̣͎̩͙͇̥̞̭͔̩̰̮͙̹̤̙̪̼̲͕͍̮̥͚̞̥̣̲͉̪͉̹̳͙͈͖̗̫͕̠̼͗͜͜͜ͅͅͅͅͅͅą̸̨̡̨̢̢̨̨̧̧̧̨̨̧̨̨̨̢̢̡̢̧̧̡̨̢̧̧̧̢̧̡̡̛̛̛̛̼͍͕̠͍̬̹͕͇̺̼̟̯̞̪̩͉̘̩̺̰̼͍͙͎̦̹̪̗͓͖̟̟̙̯̺̲̻̰̱̖͍͍̫͇͚͈̭̙̼̥͖̥͇̹̬̼̹̦̱̯̝̻̰̦̥̩̰̳̦͍̜̳̭̫͇͈̳͚̻͖͚̦̯͎̝̗̤̠͚̩͕̯͙̗̤̼̣̟̗̹͈̺̩͉̪̜̼̯͓̭̹̟̜̝̥͙̳̯̳̲͎͙̘͙͔͚͍͕̟͕͔̗̼̥̯̦̺͇̜̣͎̪͉̝̤̹̰̲̲̗̰͇̪͈͕̹̰̣͙̰̭̜̞̦̱̮͈̼̦̝̝̙̰̞̗͙͔͇̥̺̠̦͕͓͙̯̹̰͙̩̭̰̠̪̣͓̦͓͔̖̻͉̦̻̙̜̤͍͓̝̩̦̹̝͚̻͉̩̲̘͖̘̹̯̝͉̼͚̠̝̠̞̮̯̱͇͓̼̘̻͚͖̍̐̐͊̒̀̈́̿͐̿̈̀͐̃͛̊̓̎̈̄͌̍̏͋͆͊̄̎́͛͆͗̽́̓̎̉̅̈́́͗̉͋̀͂͐̄̃̆̿̃́́͑͆̌̄͊̈̽̿͂̌̐͌̇̔͌̀̀̊̋̉̄̑͑̐̋͗͒̕̚̕̚̚͘͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͠͠͠͝͠ͅͅͅͅͅͅ ̸̢̨̧̨̨̧̧̨̨̧̡̡̨̨̡̨̡̨̛̛͔͓͉̙̣̰̳͖͙͔̮͔̹͍̩͍̹̘̻̥͉̹̖̦̘̤̟͖͕͍̺̠̹͇̱͚̺̳̫̩̫͎̝̖̯̝̬̳̘͉̼͍̝̭̹̙͙͕̖̘̘̫͓̤͕̬͔̜̥͈̦͉͈̰̳̯̟̬̹̖͇͔̜̜̗̞̥̱̥͉̹͖̜̱͕̳͉̤͈̠̩͉̥͉͕̘̠̬̤͔̘̙͔̻̼̳̘̯̺̣͍̠̦̖̻̦̭̗͖̩̹̘̭͓̱̞̲̘̗̭̯̞̰͙̦͇̻̮̟͓̺̟̝̌̓̌̒̏̒̽̈́͆̓̉̉̋̅͊̄͆̊͋̓̑̏̾̓̌̾̓̃͗̓͗̂̈́̚̕͘̚͘͘͜͜͜ͅͅͅͅd̴̡̛̛̛̛̜̹̗̬͎̗͕͓̯̠̲̥̻͓̙̼̙̬̮̮̙̬͙̺̥̣̮̼̪͉͈͔̻̳͙̗̲̞̙̯̟̪̀̔͛͆͒̽͋̈́̌̎͂̐͂̍̾͐̅͑̐̇̽͗̈́̋̉̈́̎͒̒̉̂̓̾̈͋͒́̂͋́̋̈́̌̒̇͂́̿̐͗̇̍̃͋̉̎͗̌̄̓͛͑̂̾̿̒̒̾̌̄͐̄̓̾̔̏̑͑͐͛̽̌̉̈͋͗̊̀̇̄̉̌̀̇̚̕͘̚͘͘͜͝͠͠͠͝͝͝͝ͅd̶̨̡̡̨̧̢̡̨̡̧̡̢̛̛̛̛̛̛̝̬̼̞̠̠̞̹͍̼͓̹̦͎͙̹̯͓̙̱̦̩̫̲̻̩̦̙̳̟̝̦̲̦̱͔͙̥͉͇̥̖͙̫̖̪͙͓̼̣̭̼͎̮͍̱̰͕̝̟̻͚͈̱̟̰̭̮̖̤̯̼̤̻͎̥͓̠̙̖̘̗̻̻̱̗̹͉̙͇̩̘̺̺̙̞̥̝̫̤͍̲̱̖͓͇̖̦̖͎͕͖̗̭͕̟̤̣̪̜͕͇̖̙͚̓̀̅̅͋̿͊̒̒̓̅̀͒͛́́̈́̍͐̊̆̄́̎̉̽̐̀̏̌̏̒̅̀͆͒̉͛̑͌̾̂̽̈́́̅̔̊̏̀̒̊̋͂̄̆̄͊͗͊̓̏͂̎̒̋̐̓͌̍̂̿̇͒̌̇̓̂͊̈̍͒̆̌̔́̀͑͋͊̆͒̿͐̀̀̈̎̅̅͐̋̂̔̍̀͗̽͊̊͂͛͊͊͑̋̆̏̾͊͌̌̈̊͆̓̊͗͒̎̾͑̔͆̔͒͗̂̏̋̅̑̾̔̑͋͊͋͒̔͒̉̄̾͛͗͒͗͆̐̒̓͆̅͋͛͌̆̍̾̓͑̊͗͛͛̊̃̇̽͑̒̔̑̓̐͌̿͊͊͆͑̑̊̀̽̈̐̂̇͂̅͗̽̅̃̚̚͘͘̚͘̕̕̕̚͘̚͘̚͘̕͘͘͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͝͝͠͠͝͝͠͠͝͝͠͝͠͝͠͠ͅ ̴̡̢̨̢̨̡̨̢̧̢̧̢̡̧̧̢̢̡̛̛̛̛̛̙͓͖͉̬̗̙̩͔͓̜̗̬̺͈̘͉̼̮̥̺̞͖̫͎̥͎̜̦͙̠̭̦̖͎͉͖̱̻̝̭̲̪͍̯͉̣͎̼͎̫͈͙̲̠̺͓̫̠̯̺̣̺͇̩̼̺̲̲̦̜̙̦̯̘͓͚̲̩̼̮̹͉̜̖͔̣̱̟̺̜͎͓̰̘̙͍̰̝̩͓̥͕̻̣̣̜͚͈̫̝̠̤̳͉̱̬̼̬̤̬͕̭̲̻̖̦̘̲̖̱̠͕̪̜̮̖̳͚͉̰̯̤̰̞̜̝̙̻̲̞̼̯̣̞̳̭̩͎̝̦̗̮͙̤̣̳͕̬̘͕̭̺̮͕̮̱͓̝̪̮͇̙̳̹͚̜̫͊̂̓̆̀̒͗̓͂͐̃͌͋̒̀̉̄̃͒̑̊̓̌́͋̂̀̈̈̀̐͂̋̋͑̍̀͆̃̃̄̊͗̈͒̌̄̏̃͑̍͐͛̿̃̑̐̒̿̋͗́͌̅̋͆͛̐͗̎̾͌͒̄̔̈͆̆̃̋͐̊͆̏͐̃̆̐̍̋͛̔̾̿̅̽̉́̃̏́̂̀́̐̆̉̽͗̃̅̋͐̿̂̒̿̍̑̂̓̀͂͋̉̍̅̓̃͘̚̕͘̕͘̕̚̚̚͜͜͜͜͠͝͝͝͝͠͝͝ͅͅͅͅr̵̡̡̢̨̢̧̨̧̢̢̡̧̨̨̨̧̛̤̠̼̰̖̭̜̜͉͔͍͔̠̣̱͙͓̪̗̲̖̳̫͍̼͈̺̜̙̗̯̳͙͕͓͍̩̤̝̘͙̝͍̝̮̩͕̝̠̥̙͔̲̝̜̩̭̹̟̫̳̥̤͈̺̟̱̣̟̰̙̬̣̼̭͔̮͖̝͔̘͍̤͙̞̘̟̠̭͇͇̥̯̺͍͎̖̣̪̙̱̗̝͍͚̱̼̯͉̱̮̠̰̪̠͇̣̜̰̟͖̖̖̱̫̣̺̲̽̒͒̈́̂̓̀̅̄̀̇̎͗̾̋̓̀̃͋̌͊̾̔̀͒̈͆̅͗͂̓̋̈́̃̓͑̔͋̕̚̚͜͜͜͠͠͠͠͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅ8̶̧̧̨̡̨̢̧̨̧̨̢̨̨̛̛̛͔̺̳͙͍͕͎͓̫̼̻̭̩͔̞̫̻̘̪͙͚̞͕̥͖̗̣͕̩̹̱̯̝͎̮̹͈̥̮̻̰̱̹̝͙̗̝̜̦͇̻͈̯̯͈̻̦̬͚̳͔̯̻͍̪̠͐̎́̅̉͐̏͆̔͋͗̇̀̿́͋̓̽̍̿̌̅͑̈́̿͑͊͂̀̆̾̈́͗͌͐͐͛̑̉̾̈́͋̂͑̀́̒́̑̇̆́̀͛̅̋̂̋̿͒̊̄͐̐͗̀͆̿͌͊͊̐̇̎̑̃̍͐̐͆̅͑̿͒̿̿̏̌͑͌̃̔̃̀̔̀̀́͑̇̋̋̍̊̆̔̆̐̉̆̿͐̅̍̃̅̆̔͌̃͌̅͊͐̌͌̓̽͋̃̒͑̎͂̈̐̊̈̉͋̿͐̿͆̾̉͊́̽͛̿̐̉̏̔̍̄̍́͐̋̇̍̕̕͘̚͘̕͘̚̚͜͠͝͝͠͝͝͝͠͠͝͠͠͠͝͠͝͝ͅ8̷̛̛͔̟͙̞͕̳̯̳̤̲͍̪͓̺̻̘͖͇͊̓̑͊͒̉͒̿̏͑̑̈̈͒̕͝͠ ̷̨̨̡̛̖͉͚̣̺͓͈͈̯͉͕̩̬̯͚̦͙̰̟͓̻̱̬̺̖͔͚͖̘͙̟͕̻̝͙͔̗̭͕̱͉̺̖̘̼͔͈̣̱̳̭̳̤̟͂̽̒̍͊̓͛̅̅̃͛͌͛̐̈̎̌̅̋̍̀̐͐͋͑̄̓́̈́̎͂͗̐̓̋̒́͐͌͛̕͘̚͜͜͝͠͠͝͝͠͝ͅͅ8̷̧̨̧̢̨̧̧̢̢̡̢̡̨̧̧̡̨̢̨̢̛̛̛̛̛͎̥̘̪͕͖̖͈͍̱̲̘̞̰̣̮̗̙̥͈̠̰̱̣̼͎͔̦̩̟̻͈̙̯͈̤͈̫̺̗͈̲̱̟̤̗̣̼̻̼͎͓̭̣̻̬̖͉̲̭̮͖̗͕̦̠͇̖̮̤̦̲̫̭̺̞̠̖̜͈̞̘̰̪̘͚͔̰͔̩̞̮̬̠̤̘̖̖̳̖̞͎̯͚̗̦̼̤̦͖̝͙̯̳̥̯̟͙̬̜͖̮̰͎̭̺͔͈̙̝̙̙̝͓̼͙͉̥̹̣̦̜͉̤̝̻̹͕͎͈͎̟̝̘̜͕͚͎̟͈̼̲̗̪̥̫͕̹̱̫̜̜̰̺͕̤̩̙̙̤͖̱̗̦̻̻̦̲̥̣͎̯͖̤̩͉̩̪͚͓̱̪̖̺͚̖͊͑̐̊̽̈́́̉͂̃̆́̊̔̃̈́̓̐̽͒͊̊̂̊̍͆̑͊̏̋͛̂̈́̍̅̉̒́͊̄̈́̌̒̃̆̆̄͋͐́̏͐̽̔͒͗̒̆̆͑͒̉̓͆́͌͒̽̐̃͛̾̋͊͐̎̀̑̏̊̋̔̾͗́̋̅͂͋̐͆̐̏̽̍́̃͛͊̒͊́̐̇̂̒̑͋̌͗̄̍̅̍͑͑͗́̉͛͊͌͊̅̈̅̏̿̈͌̌͋͋̉͐̎͑͆͑̔̐̂͋̍͑͊̑̅̉̔̔̂̇͒̓͒͌̒͛͛͋̆̾̓̓̆͋͆̔̋̓̆͑̒̈̾̊̇̕̚̚̚̕͘̚̕͘͘͘̚̚͘̕̕̚̕͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͝͝͠͠͝͝͝͝͠͠͠͠͠ͅͅͅͅt̷̡̢̢̧̧̡̡̧̧̢̢̢̢̧̡̢̡̡̢̧̢̧̡̡̧̧̨̛̛̛̛̛̛͎͎̹̟̳̟͓̥̙̤̜̻͍̱͈͎̼̪͕͍̟̰̗̮̗͖̭̙̜͈̬̻̘̝̜͕̫̬̮͚̞̱̜͉̰̹̜̳̲̞͙̟͎̯͙͇̱̖̲͇͈͚̻͚̜̫̘̜̮̤̣̻̖͚͎̼̼̰̪͓̝̪͖̱͉̟͈͇̬̳̻̳̜̪̙̖͓͙͈̙͔̝͕͓̙͕̰̙̼͙̥͚̺͖̟͈̠͉͓̰̮̮̜̲͙̩͖̞̻̠̘̪͙̟̰̦̻̱̱̹̩͚̪̮̯̙̱̖̭̠̫̭͔̟͎̥͍̣͎̠͖̙̼͚̮̰͚̞͈̲̱̖̯͍̜̘̠͉̠̬͖̩̮͈͎̲̼̻̥̬̳̲͉̥̣͓̩̖̰̥̻̻̱̮̭̬̼͙̰͂̀̾͆͌͋̋̎̏̾̇̊̄̑̔͆̀̄̋̎̈̋̋͗͆̂̆̉̀͐͂̌̈́̅̃͗́͐͑̈͒͋͗̃̊͊͋͆̾̅͂͋̑̎̋̍͐̊̽̋́̏̾̐͋̂͌͒̂̊̌̀̐̊̂̅̔͋̅͑̾̌̍̒͌̂͗͒͑͌̑̅̒̿̅̅̈̇̔̆̎̑̒͑͐̐̃̉̑͂͂̓͂̎̅̍̊̏̿͆͑̈͆̒͊̿̇̑̏͗̒̀̑͋́͆̏̀̈͗̆̅̄͐̃̊̂̐͛̑̑̽̔͆͐̃̄͊́̃̋̿͒̍͒̃̄̔̂̽̕͘̚̕̕͘͘̕̕͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅģ̶̢̧̡̢̨̧̨̛̛̛͉͖͙̳̲̣̦̦̥̘̼̙̺͕̻̲̹̠̗͕̲̖̮̲͍̭̪̫̰͎̗͙̗͖͖̖͈̩̠͕̻̖̳̤̳̖̬̰̤̻͈͍̖̯̞͔̣̹͙̤̞̤̹̭͙̜͇͇̒̾͒̽͌̃͛̾͗̒̂̍͒̈͐͌̊̆̔̃̑́̈͊̾̋̐́͊̆̑̃̔̏̂̐̊͆͊̉̂́̈̍̊̐͊̇͋̑̃̀͐̊̋͗̾̅̎̉̑̍̂͌̑̋̅̎̄̇͗͗͑̍͛͂͋̌̑̑̔͐̑̿̍̆̊̇̔̄̐̃̈̐̋̎̎͆͒̓͂̽̍͆̓̋̔͒̔̇̋̿̔̔́̇̐̉̽̂̔̀͌̎̾̍̿̎̎̍̄̾̿̋̅̄̄͋̔̀͐̉̉̓͛͌̉͒͊͛̊͆͒̔̎͐́̍͐͂̂̿̿̄͒̏͂̂̆͂̿̈̅̍̇̐͌̇̊͛̅̀̌͆̉̈̂̽͊͋͊̑̽̾̒͂͌̂̿̓̀̀͘̚̕͘̕̚͘̚̚̕͘̚̕͘̕͝͠͝͠͝͝͝͠͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͠ͅͅͅư̵̢̨̢̨̧̨̡̧̢̧̨̨̢̛̛̛̛̛̛̮̙̗̺̯̝͉̯̠̙͚̼̳̳̖̹̺͔͉͔͚͉̝̱̼̘̬͔̜̟̬̼̘̺̖̼̯̫͕̬̲̜̯̮̳͓͉̩̣͖͚͚̜̭̮͎̖͚̝̘͕̟̬̱̥̹̝̣̞̗̦͓͓̜̹̮̳̞̙̫̩̹̜̺̬̬̦̻̥̳̻̮͉̠̖͙̦͕̬̹͉͍̠̼̱͚̗̜̗̯͍̥̺͓̤̮̳͇̦̝͈̤̞̬̤͖͈͔͉͖̬̤̥͈̜͍͓̪̩͈̻̞͍̲̙̘̠̘͇͙̥͔̮̪̭̦̺̦̫̦̰͚̣͙̼̘̞͔̞̤͎̩̱̝̹͉̻̺͕̤͛͋̉͒͐̌́̉͌͒͋̓͆̆̈́͑͒̓̂̄́̆̉̉͂͑͂́̇͊̃́̉̃̍̈́̊̒̒͋̍̎͊͛̾̏̈́̀͌̌̐̀̋̇͑͆̐͌̒̔͋̾̇͆͛͋̈͑̇͑̽͆̐͗͐̎̉̎̃̈͂̒̐̏̓̓̆̍́̃͐͂̿̍̅̎̐̿̔̂̃̿̋̓̃̐̆͌͒́̎͑̅̄͒̊͐̓̇͛̊̀͐̉̋̐̌͆͑͗͆̏̀͑̎͐̐͊̀̄̓͒̈͆͑̓́̃̋̐͑͌̾͒̿̌̇͋̉̋̈̆͑́̾̒͊̈͌̓͆͋̽̓̔̀͑̔̈͐̍̃̔̇̆̍̓̅̐͒́̔̑̾͗͊͒͛̾́̑͒̉͑̍̉̎̄̇͗̅̄̇̆̅̋̐̕̕͘̕͘̚̕̚̕͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͠͝͠͠͠͝͝͝ͅͅͅģ̸̡̧̨̢̢̛̛̛̛̬̭͙̯͖͍̳͚̤͙̠̘͚̗͎̞͙̯̣̼̙̥̗̖͕̣̥͓̲̘̮̝̤͕̻͉̪̳̪̖͓͎̞̻̩̹̪̜̥̠͚̜̳̮̙̮͙̪͕͕͓̻̯̲̭̞̮͇͕̳̝͓̝̳̲̞̺̭̞͖͉͔͈̖̼̰̤̜̻͕̺̙̗̞͔̘̭͌͂̔̓̐͌͂͋̒̈́̀̇́͋̀̂͌̌̽͂̌̉͌̾́̂̿̆̒̽͌͊̔̈́̃̊̍͊̓̄́͐̃̅̒͌͂̃̌̈́͒̍͊͂͒̏́̔͂̔̄̍̊̀́͂̿̊̉̍̋͑̐͆̏͑̉̊̀̇̽̆̌͌͒͐̽̍̎͒̾̍̇͂̀̌̎͋̽͛̇̽̒͑̎̈̈̃̐͛̈͑̃̌̌̊̀͆̌̅͂͒̎̂̑̌̐͌̆͐̏̓͐͆͋͑͆̈̀͋̆͐͋͋̊͆͒͐̑̒̾̓̅̇͛͋͋̀̂̂̂̎͛̓͆̌̋̌̋̍̌́͑̅̓̽̿̅̆̍͌̿̑̃͗͒̒̌̚̚̚̚͘͘̚͘̚̚͘̕͘͘͜͝͝͠͠͠͠͠͝͠͠͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͠͝ͅͅa̷̡̡̧̧̨̧̧̧̢̨̢̢̡̢̛̛̗̠͓̺͓͖̘͚̟̫̥͍̞̩͖͕̥̟̭̝̟͔̱͉̘̟̥̪̤͓̼̯̳̖̰͙͉͎̯͖̮͎̲̯̣̙͇̣͚͓̻̙͙͙͚̜̭̲̹͎̮̩͎͙̱̼̼̠͓̺͍͓̭̰̤̝̤̣̱͚̙̟̝̯̠̺̹̮̥͉̟͖͈̼̼̤̖͙̠̰͇͖̟̤̖̱̪͖̺̱͔̥̙͈̪͉̦̪̞͚͔̣̲̮̖̬̯̥̥̤͓̼̲̫̥̙̬̺͈̞̠͖̦̗̝̫̱͔̜̼̞͖̩̖̱̹̩̮͎̹̘̺̥̺̫͇̪̙͍͔̝̝̟͈̞̻͖̠͈̗͚̗̤̜̯̮̗̠̤͛̈͋̈́̆́̓̆͂̉̌̿̒́͒́̅̾̂̊͗̃̐̒̀̿͑͂͋̈̓͛̇͌̅̈́̇̐̾̏̀̀͛̇̈́͛̓͑͗͐̄͐̆̅̋̀̋̓̈̾̽̓̄͗͐̒̏̊̀̃͂̄̇̎͋̐͌̀̐̇̍͐͒̽́͑̀̋̂͑̿̂̕̚̕̕͘̕͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͝͝͠͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅą̸̨̧̛̛̠̬̰̲͙̟̹̳̜̜͔̙̘͇̜̞͕̹̙͉̮̤̗͓̣̦̱̞͉̫̼͍̳̝̯͔̠͖̳̞̯͓̭̯̤̗̹̫̝̮͈͈͔͉̭͖̘͙̟̯͈̮̭͌̍̋́͌͑͑͛͌͂̐͆̈́̈́̇̉̋̂͂͒̈́́̆̇̓̾̀̅̈͛͌̾̑̽͂̒̈́͒̚̚͘͘͘͜͝͝͠͝͝͝͠ͅͅͅͅͅͅ ̶̨̢̧̡̡̢̡̡̡̡̛̛̛̛̛̛̛͎̻͈̰̻̯̹̪̱͖̜͕̤̠̻̖̳̩͕̯͈̖͚̤̰͎͖͓̟͖̘̣̥̰͇̠͖̫̳̠̮̙̭̘͓̯̜͇̱̮͖̻̬̻̭̫̖͉͍̝͈̙̮͔̭̙̻͖̠̮̰̫̦̞͉͔̰̯̙̮̜̮́̃̒͛̎̒̈́̒̋͛̀̂͛͋͋̈̏̆̂̒̅̅̌̍̎͗͑̉͆́̂͛̃̋͆͂̃͛̾̄̋̾͒̂̏̈̂̒͌̏̍͒̔͒͐͒̌̌̏͊͑̉̆̂͑̍͌̎͑̅͐̆̒̌͑̔͛͒̽̎͂͌̀͆̔̑́͋͂̅͑̑̓̎͐͒̒̋̐̈̆́͛̑̎̈͗̎͊̂̍͐͛̊̾̊̊̽͐͋̾͒͛̔̔̋̊̉̊͊̍͆̾̊̔͊̌̄̍̇̀̃͐͊̒͆̋͊͆͐̍̉͒̆̓͛͒̈̄̽̀͌͊́̏̂̿̀͋̅̇̿̎͊͒͒̈͌̋̽͛͊̆͊͋̅̂̔̍̂̽͑͗͂̊̿͊̃̈͌̿̐͛̃̋̌̀͌̏͛͋̕̚͘̚͘͘͘̕̕͘̚̕̕͘̚͘͘̚̚̕͘̕͘͜͜͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͠͠͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͠͝͠ͅd̵̨̧̡̢̧̡̢̨̡̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̳̖̖̣̝̯̘̜̲̩̻̱̙̠̬̖̦̮̘͈̠̻͚͓͉̜̟̖͖͉͈̯̳̼͓̜̬͓̖̰̮͉̳͉̝̪͇̞̤͙̗̥͎̺̗͇̻͙̻̼̦̲̲̞̜̣͔̙͉͙͔͈̲̪̝̞̮͖̖̱̫̗̤̺͖͔̲̖͍̼̖̦̯͚͔̞̗̟̯̫͓͙̤̜̝̻͈̹̯̳̹̃̃̓̿̈́̓̈́͐͋͑͆͌̽̓͛̊̈́̀̈́̈́́̑̀̾̓̂͒͗͑̈́̀͂̈̈́̍̈̑͛͐̈́͗̉̾̏̄̂́̽͆͌̑̑͌͗̃̃̅̆͋̄̏͂̃͐̆̆̇̄͂̃̊̂͒̋̿͊͂̎͐̄̒͛̋͛͋̎̒͋̑̃̀̈̂͒̅̅̌͛̿̏̌͛̉̑͋̐̇̃͒̊̋̅̃́͑̑̎̓̂͗̏̉̐̑͂͗̄̇͊͗̔̌̍͛̓̃̑̎̌̑̋͑͂͛̓̍̔̿͒̓̎̅̇̄̽̿̾̄̉̄̒̽̋̆̎̆̂͑̇̊͆͆͐̅͛̀̌͂͌̂̊̐͛̑͆̀̍̿̉̃͐͑̓̇̋̇͌̂͐́̎̓̾̏͑̉͗̐̀̽̊̈̃͂͒͂̃̏̿̕̕̚̕͘̕̕̚̕̕̕̚͘̕̕͝͠͝͠͝͝͠͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠ͅd̴̨̧̛̛͓̗͓̫͕̭͕̜͇̺͎̱̜̞̝͙̖̼̗͕̜́͆̏̅͗́̔̎̉̃̈́̍͑͂̾͛̉̍͛͂́̓̀̈́̓̈́̔͂̎͌̌͛̄̐̈́̽̃͛͗̎̃̃̉́̽̇̅̋́͌̎͘̚̚͜͠͠͝͝ ̶̨̡̢̡̨̡̡̛̛̛̛̛̮͚͔̪̭͎̫͔̗̠̩͇̭̺̲̩̬̤̹̲͇͎̯̤̳̹̘͈̖̺̳͚͇̣̟͔͈̪̣͕̤͇̻̤̯̻͖̤͇̟̟̲͔͓͍͕̬̙̱̠̯̟̦̹̖̯̳̣̞̪̺̫͍͍̮̬̜̰̼̼̻̼͈̖͖̮̮̳̳͍̇̊̓̎͋̓̀͐̋͌̓̌̇̉̇́̋̎͊̊̔͗͒̿̇͛̔̿̊̑̓̍̏̌̽̉͌̆̂̃͋̈́͆͆́͗͐̿̌̓̉̌́͒̑͊̉̿̋̉͑̑̊̀̈̌̓͛̆͛̏̿̊͊̒̒̊͛̏̂̌̂̎͐̒͋͛̑̿͛̾̅̓̂̒̆̿̈̉̆̒̃̎͐̊͆̿̾͑̾̈́͋͋͛̉͛͒̒͂͌̍̓̊̌̃̾͐̂́̇̏̑̀͆̋̽̃̃̍͌̈͂͛̒̿̒̊͂̐̓͋̅͛̔̒̇͂̅̔́̔͋̐͐̃̐͑͗̚̚̚̕͘̚̚̕̕̚̚͘͘̚̕̚̚͜͜͜͜͝͠͠͠͝͝͝͠͠͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝ͅŗ̷̧̢̨̨̡̡̨̢̨̢̡̢̨̧̧̧̨̢̛̛͈̞̗͎̩̦̭͙̣̟̬͓̫̺̞̣̗͇͎̖̬͍̟͙̞͔̪̖̜̻̤̟̟̱͈͔͉̗̥͙̟͉̲̯̦͎̦̳͎͉̲̞̗̼̮͈͕̼̲̖̺̱̘̼̝͍̖̖͍̱͍͎͙̦͙̞̭̻̩̦̼̪̗̙̗̼̞̳̖̺͚̲̩̮̫͚͔͖͇̪͕̮̤͉̠͎̥͎̖̤̱̪̼̠̠͖̒̏̐͂̆̄̄̍̌͑͂͊́̓̊̇͂̌̄͊̈́̀͒̆͑̈́͊̑̃̽̐̀̀̀̐̇̉̏͐̀̃̄̽͋̀̏̽̈̈́̿̌̎̄͐́͐́̽̉̏̊̄͐̽̽͊̌̅̾̏̃͐͆̇̄͑̍̇̃̈̇͛̓̃̅̅̈̏̄̐͑̾̾̌̅̋͂̅̈́̿̇̋̿̏̈͘̚̕̚͘̕͘͘̚͜͜͜͜͜͠͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝ͅͅ8̷̧̢̡̢̧̧̧̡̧̨̨̡̢̢̨̧̛̛̛̛̛̛̯̮̠̣͍͍͇̣̠̙͙̘͎̗̙͈͚͕̹̼̻̭͈̱͔̲͕̖͎̜̼̟̗̞͕̞̲̟̱̤̼̳̺͖̠̭̳̬̘͕̱̼͉͚̙͙̩͎̖͍͉̥̱̰̦̗̹͔̣͚̯̣̠͙̖̗̟̠̠̘̣͉̭̭̭̘̠̲̖̠̻͕̗̪̩̗̻͚̼͇̘̻̰͍͕͕̥̟̘͇̖̥̦͇̼̝̬̙̭̱͚͙̲̝̙̖͚̼͖̺͍̺͓͍̱̙̩̮̟̙̙̦͖̟̠̠͎̯̜͎̺̣͍̲̤͓̱̜̦̜̩̤̟̪͙͍̞̥̥͉̮̘͚̀̒̈́̓̍̃̄̿͌̈́̇͌̅̔̉̈́̿̀̋̈́̅́́̽̈́̓̀̂͋̑͊͌̏̐̉̅͒̐̈́̀̎̊̾͗̒̔̃̉̐̈̽͋͛̽̃͌̔͌́̏̒̅͆͂́̄͒̽̉̏͂̇̒̏̄̾͋̈̒̄͐̾͊͑͑̈͑͒̉̉̍̓̿̽͛̉̽̍̅̀͌̋̇̃̊͐͗̋͊̅͒̋̌̀̀͊͒̏̽͆́̄̌̊̐̔̈͐̌̎̈̂͋͐̒̏͌̉̑̃͋̾͌͛̽͛̅͌͌͋̍̅̐̀̔͑͋͊̓́̿̎͂́̈̍̏̅̈̂̄̒̀̊̂̄͆̍̚̚͘͘͘͘͘̚͘̕͜͜͜͜͜͜͠͝͠͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅ8̶̨̡̨̛̱͕͚͇̞͎͈͎͇͔̪̦̱̣̫̙̻̼̯̖̦͚̮̫̗͖̜͚̙̣͓͍̩̮̩͎͕̫̻͇̰̼̥̝̹̘͙͚̠̺̗̣̖̜͚̟̹̝̙̈́̈́̽̓̇̈́̂̔̈́̑̇̂͆́͒͊̑̿̓̆̓̏͋̓̑̀͑̋̍̇̓̇̄́̓̇́̒̎̉̈́̑̈̇̅̐̓͆̏̑̍̐͌̉͒̅̾̅̄͆̑̆̃̓̉͌͌̅̓̂̿̇͗̀̅͆̌͊̉̆͋͛̆̽̽͑́͑̈͒͋͛̚̕̕̕̚̕͜͜͜͠͠͠͠͠͝͝͠͠͝ ̴̡̨̧̢̡̡̡̢̨̨̡̢̨̨̡̡̢̧̡̧̧̧̡̢̧̛̛̛̛̛̠̱̙̠͙̪̞͓͙͉̠͖͕̗̰̯̤͚̦͉̻̝̝̺̻̫̲̯͙̞͔̖̰̤̬͓̠̻̙̻̻̩͓̖̥̖̹͓̪̼̺̤̹͇͓̥̘̜̱̼̝͎̗͈̪͉̙̤̩̙͈̩͚̙̙̳̞̬̭̟̲̯͉̗̜̰̯̟͍̠͎̠̬̥͚̳̖̘̳͓̱̖̻̻̮͔̲̭͙̙̭̻̹̗͕͖͚̺͇̦͈͙͓̲̼̯͓̟̦̳͚͉̟̞̘͇̱̬̺͍̼͇͓̣̞̻̺̦̤̫̘̭̬͙͇̖͍̲̖̝̹̳͙͎̣̫͈̙̜͕̠͓̭̩̖̭̮̪̪̫̝̠͙͖͍͓̗̟̤̜̘̥̬̝̦̯͎͖̮̰͔̤̝̼̙̬̭͖͍̙̯͕̲̭̫̱̦̺̠̫͔̖̺̼̏̍̈́̅̐̀̒͗̅̓͋̀̍̇̿͋͊̏͊̄͗̊̈̔̏̿̈́͌͌̀̄̿͂̆̓̿͒̂̌̈̀̒͋̃̒̏̽̓̋̾͗̄̔́̆͑̎̇̆̿̏́͒̀͐͐̒̽̈̀̾̆̆̊̋̍̊̓͐̍̈̉͛͛̅̃̅͊͛͑́̏̊̒̃̔͆̓͗͗̏͋͆̂̌͌̌̾̀̊̃̈̇̄̉̃̀̔͋̇̀̒̇̊̀͋͂͐͋͑̿̊̅̆̾̑̔̌̃̽̅̐̑͌̾͐̌̐̉̑͑́̄̽̂̎̃̊̽̊̿̌̐̔͋̏̅̋͂̍̌̎̇̃̑̋͐͒̄͂̐̉͑̍̀̾̇͐̐̊̾́̈̽́͒̚̕͘͘̚̕͘͘̚̚͘̚̚͘̕̚̚͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͝͠͠͠͝͝͝͝͠͠͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅ8̴̨̨̨̡̧̡̧̡̢̛̥͚̜͕͈̻̰͇̖͇͔̤̣̱̙͍̻͎̩̙̖̜̣̬̱̤̗̰͉̭͙̙̫̱̰̥̙͔͍̯̤̝̬̱͉̯̦̗͕͍̻͚̤͚̱͔̪͕̫͎̳̼̪͕̘̗̦͉̝͔͚̗̰̩̲̬̻͔̹̺̬̣͖̟͉̭̝̝̗͚̦̣̥̤̘̻̲̺̜̩̦̜̙̔̏͑͊͆͋̂̿̋͆̈͐̂̉́͛͑̍́́͂̉͗̓̓̎̎͛̇̆̀̌͊̅͌̌͌͛̈́͗͛̋̈́̃̈́͒̃̐̚̚̕̕͜͜͜͜͝ͅͅͅͅț̷̢̨̧̧̢̢̡̨̛̛̛̛̬̪̘̝̼̯͖͙̭̲̰͉̫͕͕͉͍͕̻̼͍̭̱̺̥̙̬̼̣͚̹̣̻̻̼̟̳̖͈͇͉͉̪̳̱̩͔̙͇͓̤͕̭͓̳̮̠͈̦͈͓̖͈̯̤͎͇̟̣̱̫͖̫̻̗͍̩̗͖͇̼̗͓͈̻͉͚̪͎̳̘̠͔͚̥̹̩͓̭̥̝̫̞̤͕͓̾̓̑̔̈́̅̂̓͑͋̀̋̓͊̍̈̏̉̈̔̑̌̉̆̐͂̔̐͊̈́́́͂̂͌̀͑̋͐̾͑͌̓̽̑̎̈͐͒̿̀͌̓̄̃̍̅̅͋̈̎̆̏̀̋̌̄͗͒̂̉̽̀̊͂̔̐͌̚͘͘͘̚͘̚͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͠ͅͅͅͅͅģ̶̡̢̡̡̛̛̛̛̛̛̘̘̘͓͎̮͇͓̘̗̜͖̤̭̫̺͎͈̦̗͍̟̻͍̱̣̜̺̠͙͖̟̭̟̫̻̞̤̹̙̞͓͎̘̙̟̝̝̯̞̟͈̭̣̜́̑͗̾̈́͗̎̾̑̌̈́̒͆̀͆̎͑̏̇͆͆́̈́̈͋̉̾̍̈́̌̀̓͌͌́̈̊̓́͆̿̒͆̑̆̆̅̔͐͂̓͂̇̋͆͊̋̄͗̇̏̀̋̈̐̂̆̾͒͗͆͋̉̈̑̈̋́̇̔͒̈̉͒͋̏̆͆̾̽̑͛̑͆̿̄̂̓̽́̂̐͗̋̋̽̾̾͗̔͛͑̐̓̏̌̒͘̕͘̚̕͘͘̕̕̚̕͘͘̕̚̕̚͘͜͜͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͠͝ư̵̧̧̨̨̧̢̡̡̢̧̧̨̧̢̧̢̢̢̡̢̢̛̛̛͔̣̦̝͙̝̱͓̲̞̲͎̗͎͓̜͕̟̲̼̜̦̥̞͉̫̯̭͚̼͇̤̺͕̲͙̯͙̪̖̠͇̣͉̜̳̦̝͉̞̤̬̩̫͖͉͉̱̲̰̻̘̻̠͉̻͈͓̺̥̺̥͖̱͔̠̹̙̝̖͙͔̖̻̣͕͖̹̙͓̖̜̭̼̮̯͕̗͍̩̬̭͖̮͕͈͉͉̝̰̼͍̮͕̗̳̻͔͎̙͇͖̮̯͇͓̯̗̬͔͇̤̪̙̮̼͉̱͇̙͎̮̣͔̙̫̥͈͚̗̰̝̦̝̩̯͍̹̥̻̱̗͇͈̰̣̣̼̖̭̻̖̰͕͖͔͎̘̪̳̺̱̘͉̻̫̘̹̺͚̞̹̤͚̼͖͎̦͕͍͉̬͚̖͇̰̳̬͇͓̲̳͚͍͔̝̤̘͚̳̫̻̙͍̼̣̤̥͙͎͔͇̣̟͔̣̖͔̥̖͖̟̈́̍̍̓̈́̓̃̔̑͐̇̋̐͐̆̐̀̀̓͆̊̽͒̊͆̓̃̊͒́͊́̂̾͊͂̈͌̀͒̎̂̄͒̀̋̒̈̈́͊͆͑̇͒͂̇͆̑́͊̎̿̌̔̏͋̎͗̂̐͑̅͑̾̔͆̽̏̏͐̑̎͐̇͂̊͗̒̌͌̉̎̃̄̃̍̽͑͌̌̌̅̉͐̿͋͂̍͋̌̌̋͊̆̓̐̌̈̾̌̑̂̀̓̅̔̽̂̔̑͐̓͗̇͘͘̕̕̕̚̕͘͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅg̴̨̡̡̨̨̡̢̡̨̨̧̨̧̢̢̧̧̨̧̧̧̧̧̛̛̭̠͓̺̲̬̟̯̝̬̩͎̯̫̱̱͈̖̪̙͎͖͉̼̮̙̣̥͕̫̟̰͓̪̺̯̤̖͍̖͚̟̜̼̹̼͔͕͚̖̰͙̹̱̳͙͕̼͓̼̻͔̺̫͈̼̪̣̻̞͈͔͉̝̯͕̻̟̱̯̗̝̝̙̦̜̯̦̤̺̬̙̰̬̟̗̖̳͖̥͙̱̘̜̤̖̩͍̥͉͓͙̯͍̗͍̤̤̰͓͍͉̹͖̯̱̠̭͉̝͇̥͍͓̩͈͙̘̯̲͇̩͚̼͕̬̹͚̬̝͓͍͈͎̮̹̭̝̙͇̘̹̳̲̲͇̭̼̟͖͕̱͙̜̹͉̠̬͕̥͎͚̻͍̝͉̗͍̫̲̖̹͈͙̲͇͇̬̼̬͇͖̘͔̻̞̞̣̤͇̙̼̬͓͎͓̺̝̥̼̻͙̙̝̗͔̙̗̹͓̼̞̠̗̘̻͉̩̠̥̱̘͚͋̅̇̔̿̓͂̃̏̀̓͆̿̔̆̈͆̈́̊̆̍͐̋̍̆̅̂̽̃͗̃̊́̾̏̽̂̾̈́̉́͑͌̇̓̓̾͋̐͊͑̓̀͗̽̈͑̒̒͗̆͂̄̐̇͛͒͂͋̽̑́̓̅̑̊̌͑̍͐̏̎̆͒̚͘̚̚͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͠͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͠ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅà̵̧̨̢̢̧̧̢̧̢̧̡̢̧̡̢̨̧̡̛̛̛̛̛̛̬͙̮̹̬̘͕̫̺̥͎̼̖̝̬͖̹̲͚̳̥̝̖̪̫̺̻̙͔͉̻̭͎̖̯̰̹̲̦̼̫̣̖̟̖̖̤̠͓̗͚̥̱̹̣̫͉̯̮̗̲̳͍̹̮͓̮̝̩̟̝̼̱̬͍̣͇̻̣͎̺̱̣̼͎͙̤̬͈̟̰͔̤͍̬̰̺͎̗̺̦̩̼̤͙͔̖̬̺͚̈̉̌̇̄̂̋̏͋͗͊̀̇̊̓̓̈́͆͒̉̆̓̃̽̽̀̈́̆̍͐͆͐̄͆́̆̌̐͌͋̓̉̿̌͑̄̋͒̀̓͋̐̅̈̃̋̓̏̂͂̅̑̀͋̔͒͗̂̈͐͌͛͆̉̐̎͗̒͆͆̾͋͋̉̐͒͌̇͆̓͑̌̋̇̅̎̓͂̅̒̋̌͊͑̒̿́̾̇̓͗̉͌́͊́͂̑̊̽̉̔̍̇̏͐̃͋̆̈̅̽͐̊̅̅̓́͛͗̌̍͊̏̆̾̽̌̊̆͌̓͐̔͆̆̒̐́̇͒̂̌̒̉͆̅̉̅͛̈̃́̓̀̍̈̕̚̕̚͘͘̕̕̚̕̕̕̕̕̚̕͘̚̕͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͠͠͝͠͝͝͠͝͠͝͝͝͝ͅͅͅa̴̡̧̡̢̡̨̨̡̧̧̢̧̢̨̢̨̛̦͕̪̻̝̜͔͈̯̥͓̳͔̞͍̳̭͇̟̬̩̣͔̳͇͇̥͍͉̬͇̱̹̗̗̦͎̩͈̹̖̪̦̮̳͈͖̥̯͉͙̭͔͕̺͎̹̙̦͓̹̫̯͙̰̱͉̟̺͉̙̪̤̮̟̫̻̲̞͚̜̜̬̪̙̬͖͈̣̲͉̫͙͉͔̹̫͓̠̠̹̤͈̳̖͎̘̼̗͓͙͉̞͎̘̥̟͎̠̙̮̥̰̲̮̙͎̘̪̤͓͇͒̔̊́́͋̓̾̇̆̓͑͆̈̌̔̎̀̇̀̐̅̓̍̊̀͌̈̔͆́̍̌͛̈́͘ͅͅͅ ̶̢̢̢̢̨̡̨̡̨̢̨̧̡̧̧̨̨̨̢̧̡̧̨̨̢̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̭̖̤͚̺͕͙̞͓̟͚̮̪̣͉̣̼̞͈͇͓̖͙͎̜̯̮̫͓͇͇̰͉͙̥͔̞̹̹͍̞̫̲̪̤̙͚̩̺̯̯̻͉͕̻̟͓̝̩̦̘͉̮̬̭͍͎͍̙̫̩͔̭̜̙͍̥̼̙͙̫̳̪̹͙͍͕̦̰̘̗̹͈̜̮̮͉͚̗̘̝̦̺̗̖̩̻̻͖̘̣̘̻͖̲̣̥̼͙̘̤̖̤̠̦̯̹̞͖̤̰̲̼͖͉͇̲̗͈͖̘̣̼̗̜̪̳̗̮̌̌͆͗̀͒̉̈́͆̾̃͛̇̔̓̾̈́̈́͋̎̌̈́̆̓̔̍͂͆̒̒͗̈́̌͆͊͂̔̈͑͗̓͐̓̃͗̏͌͗͌̌͒̑͛̔̐̄͐͆͒̿͒͆͗̽̈͑͂͆͒͒͋͐͌̿̔̌̄͐̎̏͐̆͛͗͒͒̒̓͐͋̔̑̾̒̍̆͊̇̄̌͐̿̽̿͛̆̾̂͆̈̇̀͒̂͒̏̐́͐̆̍̑̐̑́̇̀͗̽̎̓͒͋̍̿̏͋̆̉̊̓̂̊͐̏͋͗̀͆̽̐̐͑͛͗̾͒͌̄͗̋̑̂̋̈͛̉͛̅̒̇͑̾̀͂̀͐̾̒͊̽̎̈̓͐̍̌̒̍͂͛̂̃̏̀̂̎̈̒͛̃̌̽̓͌̎̆̑̇͒͒̒͑͐͋̿̎͑̊̐̇͘͘͘̚̕͘̚̕̚͘̕̚̚̚̕͘̕̚͜͜͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝ͅͅͅd̶̨̨̢̢̧̡̢̨̢̧̧̡̧̛̛̛̜̻͉̤̫̦͚̝͙̤̖̘̩͉͔̲͚̬̭̳̞̬͈͉̰̤͍̻͎̰̪̜̺̩̭͍̘̥͓̘͓̤͈̗̙̞̤͇̥̝̻̯͍͍̘͍̞̲͉̲̺̪̭̝̳̻͚͔̯͚͓̻͙̰̥͔̦̙̫͖̮̦͔͈͓̗̤̪̘̣̠̻̦̻̦͇͉̖̥̜̹͚̪̟͔̰̠̤̺̰̘̼̰̪̰̳̜̠̩̟͓̖̱̝̫̼͚̫̲͔̤͎͇̤͉̩̱͉̯̳̬̗̜̩̬͓̘̳̼̱͉̹͎̯̺͎͎͔̗̱̰͂͑͛͂́̉̂͊̒̽̏̌͑̈̐͛́̓̑͂͛̇͂̀̎̇̏͊̀̈̎̀͑̅̌̍̒̅̒͗̀̓̐̿͆̽͐̔̐͊̀̊̄̈́͊̐͐̑͗̽̂̏͐̿̆̕̕̕͘͜͜͜͝͝͝͝ͅͅd̷̨̡̡̧̢̢̡̡̢̧̢̡̧̨̢̨̨̡̢̧̨̡̢̨̨̛͙͚̹̥̬̫̫͓̝̗̙͚̤̬̲̹̠̖̲̹̞͍̺̪̟̼͕̖͚̠̬͖͉̭̗̘̰̺̳͇̱͍͈͉͈̤̤̙̲̙̪͍̺̗̬̠̼͚̲̬͙̟̹̜̯̣̤̺̟̥̱̳̼͓̺͙̖̳̤̗͓̤͉̝͉̺̙̻͓̟͇̘͎̰̳̬͇̝̘͓̝͓̺̬̹̞͚̜̱̱͖͙͉̖̺̭̭̼̻͕̦͖̜͈̗̥̱͈̙̬͓̻̮̼̠̗̞̗͙̪͙͚̦̟̬͕̩̝̯̘͙̲͎͕̱̳̗̦̰̯̮̘͚͎̱̙̮͉̖͕̙͍̣̪͚͓̙̹̖̣̪̥̻̖̯̠͙̖̟̺̺͙͙͇̮͕̩͖̲͖̳̱̥̮̞̦̟̰̞̫͚̲̖̤̰̮͕͖̱̤̺̱̞̬̱̘̻͚̮̯̝̮̺̹̯̙͎̦͚̮̲͇͖̙̙̞̼͆͊́̀̈́͂͋̑̓̆͐͐͂̀̈́̎̇͒̆͂͛͐̓̄͌́̑́͘͘͘͜͜͜͝͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅ ̸̢̡̡̧̧̢̧̨̡̢̢̧̧̧̡̢̢̡̢̛̛̛̛͙̞̖̻͎̟̣̫͍͈̥̰͕̭͉̘͎̩̳̭̙̟̜͎͉͎͍̲̜͓̻̪͈̱̘̘̣̳͙͙͔̬͉̹͙̖̞̜̜͔̙̗̫̩̻͉̰̘̘̖̗̠͇͙̫̜̬̭͖͓̳̣̝̩̮̝̠͈͕̰͕͔̫͔̜̩̫̩͇̱̤̥̣̬̤̠̗̫̭̳̩͚̹̩̜͚̪̼̜͕̳̜̹̗̺̬̭̮̟͈̖̣̻̼̼̙̥̣͚̼̙͕͔͙̜͚̝̪̣̙̜͚̠̜͎̮͓͚̼̼̝̪̻̣͊̐͐̂̾̌̅̎͛͛̑̾̓͆͑̂̓̋̄͛̐͒̐́̒̈́̓̐̒̎̓̄͌͆̿̿̒̈́̑͂̈̈́̑͆̿͋̉͒̔̊͆́͒̒͆͛̓̎̉̉͊͊͒̇̽̏͑̍͆͛̏͊͛͒̍̽̑̋̉̒͛̉̂̓͆̑̅͗̒̊̊̀̓̽͛͛̽̕͘͘̚̚̕͘̕͘͘͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠ͅͅͅͅͅͅr̶̡̡̨̨̡̨̛̛̛͙͉͕̭̻̜̪͓̭̩̫̻̖̞̞͉̟̳̟̫̲̮͕̗̱̞͔̻͍̤̲̦̙̦̺̮͎͓̲̹͇̲̭͕̺̱̯̲͉̞͉̼͔͚͎̯̥̠̫̬̥̪̦̘͔̟̲̘̼͓̯̖͙͙͈͙̣͎̼̮͇̥͔̹̝̰͇̮͚̦̊́͛̿̊͌̓̽̈́̓̇́͑̃̂̿̿̀̈́̋̐͐̈́͑͌̔͐̓̈̽̉̂̈́͋̓̃̈́͗̈̑̈́̏̍́́̑̿̓̔̂̐̑̄͋̾̔̉̍̈͐̓̈̋͒͆́̆̊̉̽̄͋̍̐̓͑̃̒͂̏̂̋̑̾͊͌̑̈̔́͌̅̂̂̏̋̃̾̔̿͆͆̂͑̐̆̑̉͑͂̽͊͆͋̽̿͐̏̌͋̏͗͋̇͆̊̋̉̍͒̽͐̄̍͐̐̕͘̕̚̚͘͘̚̚͘͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͝ͅͅ8̸̨̨̨̧̡̨̧̧̢̨̨̧̢̡̛̛̛̛̛̛̛͎̳̟̘̲̜̥̱͔̰̟̥̠̦̣̗͎͙̫̰͕̟̰̗͈̜͇͍̞̣̣̥̗̹̩̻̝̟̼̹̖̦̥̺̺͕̭̖͓̜̗̺̪̱̬͓͖̦̥̹̳̼̜̹̦̪̺̪̟͉̭̠͓̪̺̗̜̖̞̠̣̘̹̺͉̫̱̖̰͇͇̮͖̪̫̮̫̦͖̖̰͍̟̗̗̮͚͖̖̟̩̤̖̤̮͔̮͓̭̞͎̲͓̟̥̮̹̬̳͔̦̤̟̣̼͚̪̞̯̯̼̫̰̞̄͐̂̄͋̒̀͆͐̆̃̏͆̾̆͑̾̈̌̇̂́͂̃̓̏̒͂̊͆͂͗͛̾́͒̿͛́͛̀̐̈͐̑̓̑͌̓̃̽̏̈́͂̔̀͂͐̒̈̐̐̓̾͗̅̃͆̂͌́̈̀͗͒̅͌̾́̂̀̿̆͗̒̃̆͗̀̿̒̈͐͂͑̀̊̈̿͒̍̆̂̇͊̓͐̽̋͗͌̉̑͋̈̎̾͂̃̎̋̇̆̄̏̒̊̍͆̃̋̏͋͗̉͂̽̉͌͆̋̍́̅̓̽͂̎̍͐̿̎̒́̃̉́̊͑̇̅͌̋̽̍̅̉͊̎̅͊̌̾͐̋̋̅̄̉̊͌͂̏͂͑͑̃̄͊̉̆̃̒͛̽̿̉̊̈̏͑̋̋̄̾͐͊̄̈͆͑̄̄̔̽̑̃͘͘͘̕͘̚̕͘̚̕̚̕̕͘͜͜͝͠͝͝͝͠͝͠ͅͅͅͅͅ8̶̢̛̛̬̫͓̟̠̪̲̙̟̜̳̥͖͔̻̠̳̺̫̭͍̿̄͐̓́͌͗̀̄̋̈́́́̏̀̄́͛̀̉̆̒̈́̏̊̏̃͋̅͊͌͂̒̏̌̽̔̍͆̂̉͋͗̇̃͂͑̓̑̃͋͒̍̌̅͐̐̒̌̑̒͋̐̎̆̈̈͊̂̑͐͆͗̉̏͗̾͂̆̀͐̽̑̉̎͌̍́̅̇̐̔̽̂͆̄̇͌͒̐̀̔̽̌̄͊̅̑̃̀͐̌̊͋͗́͊̊͒͑͒̌̄̈̓̽͌̽̓̔̅͐͒̈̂̌̽̒̒̿̂̋̿͑́͌̀͊̌̎͋͗̍̓̋̀̈̑̎̂̌͌̉̐̉͆̚̕͘̕͘̕̚͘͘͘̚̕̚̚̕̕̕̚͜͝͠͝͝͝͠͠͝͝͠͝͠͝͝͠͠͠͝ ̸̢̡̧̨̡̡̧̨̨̨̢̨̧̨̡̧̢̡̧̡̡̼̭̳̝͇̱̹̘̘̭̞̪̫͙͓͈̹̣̪̘̘̻͕̦̥̜͙̳̺̞̖̗̳̺̪̬̤̭͎̬̥͓̭̦̞̖̗̼̘̻͇͓̝͇͚̼̼̟̠̤͕̞̞̭̱͔̣̤̜̖̪̺͉̤̞͎̰͚̘̜͇̗͕̪̠̬̼͔̜̳͔̯̥̰̝̱̮͙̳̭̬̯̞͎̤̞̫̥̠͎̯̱̮̱̞̯̯̣̗̻̣̮̹̮͓̞̭̟͔͕̝͓̣͚̦̥̗̜̞̝̫̼͚͈̭̳̲̟̯̤̘̳͙̣͇̙̤̠̼̠͍̤͔̰͙̗̬͓͉̙̝̙̟̲͙̦͕͕̰̝̻̤̯̻̖̘͓̲̲̘̫͓̼̳̠̺̠͇̥̳͎̱̬̹͖͔̳͈͙͓̼͇̳͙̣̝̪͉͚͎̳͙͓̾̀̒͗͑̀̎͒͌̇͌̈́͑́̐͂̑̆̈́̃́̓̈́͘̕͜͜͜͜͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅ8̶̨̧̨̨̨̨̧̢̧̨̡̨̡̡̨̨̨̢̨̢̢̡̡̛̛̛̯̣̖̻̳̻̳̮̰̬̫͈̯̠̟̣̯̳̹͚̻̺̮̭͕͇̝̼̤͕͙̠̹͓̥̮̠̬͕̦̖̰͍͎͓̙̩̯̙͓̦͈̟̘̮̮̰͚͉͔͕͙͉̰̜͉͖̪̖̳̭̰̺̱͙̝̫̯̱̗̼̝̥͇̖̺̠̺̙̱̭̗͔̩͈͖̟̥͉̞̙͕̞̺̜̼͔̥̖̮͙͇̭̯̤̹̯̜͓̼̝̖̜̰̯̰̝͚̥͎̭͇̺͍͈̘̤̣̩͎͉̬̥̖̼̞̤̖͓͎̥͔̣̲͚͔͔̦̹͈̙̲̲͉̯̣̜̬̥͚̖͙͈̰̮̹̫̥̬̣̘̖̯͓̲͇̼̖̝̙͖̥̼̼̠̯̫̪̹͍̼̦̘̩̱̞̜͓͔̯̼͎̬͕̝̺̩̞̰͙̣̬̪̻̄̔̐̒̀̿̓̈́̉̂͛́̈́͗̊̋̎̓̐̒̒̂̑̈̉͛̀̑͑̇̀͂͐̇̄͆́̈́̽̓͗̌̓̑͌̈̃͆͊̿͋̃͋̆̎͆͑͛̒͊̄̔̋͂͗̎̔͛̍̈̅̇̑̿͗͗͂̓̾̏̉̎̑͊͛̂̉͊̔̿̍̾͑̽͌͋̉̒̍̒̓̆̎̑̊̅͆̑́̾͗͂͋̎̇̓̅̔͌͛̋̋͆̿̆̎̔̑̓͆̅͑̿̒͋͆͑̿͆͌͛͗̏̋̂͑̔̊̋͂͛͆̿̉̃͌͌̄͆̀̊̀̌̽̕̚̚̚̕̕̚̚͘̚͘̚͘͘̚͘͘͘̚͘͘͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͠͝͝͠͠͠͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͝ͅͅͅţ̸̛̛̛̯̳̖̞͚̻̯̘̼͖̖̪͈̭͗̉̄̊̇̑̽̇̔̉̓̋̈̈́̂͂̅͛̉̄́̈́̑͊̿̿̐̇̐̂̃̉̇̽͛̐̽͋̈́́̊̔̽̈̃̍̍̀̒̀́̋̓͗́̍͗͋̈͐̈̑́̍͑̂͐͌̑̾̔̐̽͛̋̐͐̅̄̄̑͑̌̑̋̎̍̔̃͋̄͒̂͗̃̂̋̅͗̂͂̔͑̓͋̔̿̈͆̓̆͂͂̿̒̃̏͊̑͆͐̽̃̌͘͘̕͘͘͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͠͠ģ̵̢̢̧̨̢̧̡̨̧̧̧̡̧̢̡̢̧̨̧̧̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̹̰͙̱̳͔̝̬̬͉͉̘̟͇̜̩̻͙̦͕̪̞̘̭̰͕̬̱͎͙̥͉̹̣̼̫̠̱̮̖͉̜͍̠͙̱͔̫͙͈̪͉̝̤̩̩̞͓͖͚̦͓̩̻̜̟̳̥̲͔͕̯̣̻̙̤͍͇̭̹̰̮͈̮̤͔̙͇̜̪͇͕̹̙͚̱̝̟̞͇̗͔̟̰̺̞̺͙͉͓̟̯͎̙̼͕͖̤͙͖͈̪̦̗̝͖̫͖̩̮͉̹̟̼̤̞͎͓͉͎͎͓̙̹̣̪̬̮͓̝̠̝̦̠̮̗̙̝̗̙͇̠͈̹͈̬͉̗̳͉̓̈́̿̈́͂͌̔̐̈̐̓͐̑̈̂̎̎͐͐̾́͋͒̓̓̇̆͂̈̐̉̒͐͛̆̍͆̈́́̀̄̒̾̉̐͛̆̓̐̇̐̏̍̓̒̀̀̏͛̄̌͌̑̊͋̅̊̄̇̎̏͒̎̃͐̑̿̒̈̾̏̒̅͑̊̂̿͂̄̽̇̒͐̌͗̒̉͑̌̑̆̌͊͆̈̄̈̑͋̄̍̉͛͋̍̈͛͌̒͋̊̊̽͆͐̒̿̐͋͛̑͌͆͋͂͂̆͆͗̑́̒͋͋̐̑̎͛͐̈̾̂͋͗̆͋͋̏͋̃̊͊̇̇̂͊͆̾͊͋̏͌͋͊̃̉̋́̾͆̅̒̑̊̄̑̍̎̆́̍̾͌͗͗͐͌͐̐̑̌͐͋͐͑̏́̿̐̿͐̽̂͛̔͒͌̅̅̿͆͑̾͒̏͘̚͘͘̚͘̕̕̕͘͘͘͘̕̕̚̕̕̕̕̚̕̚͘̚͘͘͜͜͜͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠ͅͅͅͅu̴̢̨̢̡̢̨̨̡̨̧̨̢̧̢͔̣̮͎̮̖̱̞͈̝͉̙͉̼̳̪͓̜̤̮͚̯̺̩͍͈̬̜̼͇͔̬͓̜̹͉͓̰̱̗̙̹̮͎̤̼͉̯͍̘͍̟͎̳̜͓̘̝͚̤͓̬̗͔̦͓̠͖͉͚͙̺̬͖̬͚̳̱͎͓͓̥͚̳̮̖͎̜͈̦̭̫̥̺̲̩̺̦̟̤͎͙̱̖̦̻̟̟̖̩͔̗̙̘̦̳̞͎͕͔̦͔̜͖͎̺̣̲̜͓̹̥͍̲̙̹̘͖̳͍̞̹̳̳͚̩̼̱͎̪̰̘̤̞̫̳͈̞̭͙̭̞͚̤͕̲̱̲̱͍̼̪̱̫̤͙̻̺̞̺̣͕͔̝̖̣͙̪̤̞̱̮̙͔͔͈̼͉͔̜̥͓͈͕̫͇̟̰͖̟̜̟̭̮̩̖͈̟̹͔͍̳͉͒̊̐̐̔̏̌̉̈́̈́̉͒̓̔̌̕̚͜͜͠ͅͅg̷̨̧̡̢̛̛̛̞̹̪̤̜͎̰̩̘̼͚̜̘̻̱͈͕̦͚̰̾̂̈̽͋̍̈́͆͒͑̈́́̄͛̈́̆̏̽͌̓̎̀͌͑̽̌̏̎̄̂͌̉͊̃̍̄͑̃̓̓̈́̓͗͐̈́͊̽́̋̉̔̓̾̊̈̔̉̑̔͊͑̂̋̍̉̆̃͊̍̂͒̉̊̍͛͒̔͗͊͌̔̿͋̎̔̄̐̊͋̃̃̄̊̀̃̓̀̆̈͛̌͛̒̌͋̆̀̍̂̂̏͑̄̂͊̓̇̇̊̍̌͑͗̑̄͊͂͊̃͆͑͒͐̌̌̾̌̉͌̃̿̆̽͛̂͛̋̕̚̕̕̕̕̕͘̕͘͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͠͝͝͝͠͠ͅą̸̡̡̨̡̢̨̧̨̢̨̛̛̛̛̙̱̙͖̖͔͙̦̙͉̼̯̲̪͓̭͍̭̫͚̘̲͚̝̺͕̰͔̣̫̼̹̮̺͖̬̳̬͓̙̤͚̰̤͔̤̫̤̲̗͉̠̭̻̹͈͔͙̲̠͖͉̦͍̤̲̜̘̘̤̳̰̯͔̞͎̳͕̲̭̘͇̦̦̝͉̺̭̪̬̂͑͗̅̽̋̋̈́̃̏̀̄̀̾̂̌͆̎̔͂̄̄͆͛̎̀̉̎̋͐̑̄̄̀̆̍̿̒́͋̾̈̄͐̀̊͛͆͛͂̐̑̍̌̈̒̆̑͂̄̌̽̊̌̐̅͗̾͒̏̕͘̕͜͜͜͝͝͝͝͠͝ͅͅͅͅa̶̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛͇͔̒̍̓̉͆͐͊̎̀̃͒̒̂̑̊̿̌̈́̏͂̄̎̓̋̈́͌̾͆̈̈̀͐̄͗͒͊́͒́̈͆̇̍̒̀̀̃̃̽͒̓̀̽͋̽̿̿̐͆́̂̊̾̎͊̓͗̎̾̇̈͐͗̓̃́͗͒̇̑̐͂̆̂́́̏̌̈͆̽͋̔̉͛͗̾̒̽̀̍͗̒̌̔͆̔̐̐̾̋͋̊̊̉͐͗̾̈̆̊͑̇͋̒͌͌̐̌̑̂͋̉̐͗̏́͆͒̅̌̂̅̉̿͂̀͊̿̈͆̿̔͐̿͗͑̄͊͒̃̓̄̋͆̇́̆̉͌̄̿͑̅̒̇́̄͆̄̌̄̔́̊̓͆͂̋̇̆͌̂̓̐͊͂͂́̔̆͊̀̽̀̀͊̐̇͂͒̾̇̈͗͋͗̑̂̉̏͑̌̊̕͘̕̚̕͘̚̚̕͘͘͘͘̚̕̚͘̚̚̚̚̕͘̚͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͠ ̷̡̛̛̬̻͔̰͚͔́̽̎̏̒̍̆̍̐̔͊̒̒̋̾̽̽̔͐̇͛̓̈́͋̆̄̉̇͛͌͛̔̍͊̀͊̒̒̐̀̋̆̓͆͌̈̉́́̐̋̀̊̃͒́̽̆̔͗̋̋̇́̃̊̿̇̉̔̎͆̎̍̋̎͌̒̃͂̐̿̀̍̍̆̎͗̇̔͊͆̏̏́̿̿̈̄̐̽̍͂̇̇̎̅̾̓̍́͐͒͋͌̒̔͆͐͗͊̽̒͊̏̿͂̑́̍̅̓̂̆̽̕̚̚͘̕̕͘͘̚̕̕͘̕͘̕͘̕͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͠͠͠͠͝d̵̨̨̨̡̢̢̡̨̡̧̛̛̛̛̮̳̦͉̜͓̜̠̣̥̞̙͓̱͓̫͖̰͎̣̤͈̩̹͇̠̺̖̮̜̫͖̠͓͙̥̣͍̞͍̠͕̰͚͍̰̪̫̪̦̞͈͚͚̺̙̺̳͉̪̫͈̲̞̺͍̱͚͈̙̹̖̥̤̟̫͈̙̮̟͓̩̝̞̳͈̟̼̰͈̖͕͕͎̥̻̠̤͈͓̪̮̗̗̦̜͚͚͔̖͔͈̪̫̝͆̈́͐̍̑̾̀̅̀͋͋͌́̿̈́̋̂͊̐̿̅̊̈͒͐̀͗̅̆̊́̉͑̽̇̽̎̑̽̏͋́̾̐̋̎̒̋̇̌́̿͆̽̑̆͂̋͑̾͑̑̄̽̅͗̋͂͑̑̅͑̇͋͐̇̅̄͒̌̍̀̀͗̔͆͒͒̾̍̎͗̾̈̎͊̈͊̃̋̽̀͗̉̄̎̄̑̾͊̽̎́̔̅͆̉̐̅͊̓̈͑̂̃̎̀͐̔̾̇̂̒̇̄̽͑̉̋͋̈̓̈̾̄̕̚͘͘̕͘̕̚̚̕͜͠͝͝͠͠͝͝͠͝ͅͅḑ̶̢̨̢̡̡̢̨̧̨̢̧̡̧̨̨̢̧̡̡̢̧̢̡̨̢̡̢̢̧̛̛̛͉̱̗͓̝͓̤̼̟͕͈̱̘͎͖͚̱̹̼̠̳̠̦̝͖͔̙̮̺̪͉̠̜̲͍̺̦̟̞͙̹̪̞̞͇̰͉̥̤̳̲̤̯͍̭͖̜͙̬̲͔͔̗̺͉̲͓̣̞̬͕͙̻͉͉̺̣̭̫̳̪̜͓̗̠̖͉̻͍͇̜̗̰̞͍͖̻̤̬͉̘̰͇͙̼̣̗̣͍̩͍̬̩͖͈̲̠̖̹̺͎̺̥̬̹̫͙͉̥̠͚̰̞͕̦͙͔͍͍̱̫̞̬̭͚̱̳̘̻͉̳͔̥̖̹͕͕̪̜͍̥͖͍͕̳̹̦͉̺̹̥̱͍̩̳͖͇͉̦̹̳̠͉̰̹̼̱̱̣͖̝͈̘̖͚̖͚̦̩̬͍̞̜̭͔̘̥̪̯̝̩̰͓͙̩̱̹̹̤̮͎̞̬̣̼͈̫̩͖̙͍̳̹̘̭͖̩͇̭̮̱̙̥̦̹̦̟͚̩̮̰̦̳̳̞̩̌̈́͒͒͛̈̌̓̈́̇̿͒̄̈́̇̀́͐͒̔̈̓͌̊̈́̑̈́͂̓̄͗̄̅̽͆̎͒͗̉͊̆̓͑̎͐̄͊́͗̿̐͋̊̐̉̊͒̾̐̐̏͐͋̋̈̆͌̊̊͌̾͛̄̅̂̂̍͑̇́͊̎̾̄́̽̉̊͛͋̇̑͗͂͒̒̊̓̋̔͋̂͗͑̀́̔̃̐̃̋̐̊̌̐̿̃̌̒́͋̉̏̆̈͗͘̚̚̚̚͘̚̕͘̕̕̕̚̚͜͜͜͜͠͝͝͝͠͠͠͠͠͝͠͝͠͝͠ͅͅͅͅͅͅ ̷̨̡̧̨̧̨̡̨̧̨̨̧̢̢̡̧̡̨̧̢̛͚͎̟̟̙̩̠̗͈̦̳̪̻̱̝̬͍̠̰̥͎͉̮͓͙͇͔̮̙̣̭̘̺̟̮͕͉̩̫̠̖̦̟̗̺̮̞̤͎̮̺̺̯̤̰̙̱͓͔̥̙̻̱̝̳͇̮͚̗͙̟͈̙̺̳͔̠̬͍͎͉̩̟̩̫̜͇̯̘͇̹̜̦̟̫͓̭̜̞̟̮͖͎͍̖̲̖̖͇͚̠̺̫̙͉͍̠͎̖̦̯̼̰͕̞̯̲̭̲̥̱̪̮͔̣͇̯͉͙͚̲̙͚̝̱͈͕͈̙̝͉̙̣̭̣͉̱͕͙̤͕̟̳͓̹̼̫̼͇̤̞̦̲͈̖͍͖̳̺͔̘̥̬̞͕͓͚̼̣͍͍͎͔͎̟͚̬͙̳͎̦̦̣̗̰͖̣̘̠̖͙͓̘̺̬̲̭͇̮͕̬̞̗͓̭͙̩̠̗͈͍̭̱̪̓̐̈̈͑̓̃̎́̃̈́̎́͊͐̇̌̇̎̆͋͒̈́̑̉̿̓̿͂̂͐́̂͂̌͛͑̀̉̈̓̊̏̀̐̌̀̈́̏̋̔̂͂̽͌̄̿̎̂̒̔̉̃͋̄̃̋̔͊̇̑̌͒̑͊̓͐̂̌͐̋̒̐̀́͗̽̎̓͌͒͂͌̽̽̐̇͐͋̈͂̀͋͐́̍̃̃̄̉̄͆̓́̎͋̃̾̾̄̄̔̑̂̃̽̔̿̔͒̕̕͘̚̕͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͠͝͠͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͠͠ͅͅͅͅͅͅr̴̢̨̨̨̡̡̛̛͖̞̠͓̦̯̦̼̩͖̭͎̯͕͚̖̼̝͙̲̬͈͔͙̱͍̱̦̩̪̘͎̺̺̭̺͚̭͉͍͔͕̞̱̪̠͎͔͕̹͖͈̗͕͖̥͉̟̯̭͇̩͓̩͚̤͚̟̟̰͎̩͎͉̖̳̫̜̳͎͈̖̀̉̌̑͆̆͋͐̀̉̿̏́̄͆̄̉̐̈́͊̌̆͊̏͋̃̍̆̉̇͑͆̃̔̂͋͐͛̿̐̓͂̆͐̚͘̚͘̕͘͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͠ͅͅ8̴̢̡̡̧̡̢̧̨̡̢̡̡̢̢̡̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̦̹̙̫̼̳̬͚͉̱̹̯̫̫͎̤͔̙̝̖̻̻̱͓̝̝͍̻͕̼̥͉̱̫̦̪̗̥̦̦͚͕̳̗͈̭̼̣̠̭̘̘̘͕̭̪̬̠̖̼͉̮̹̱̘̣͔͓̳͎̪̗̬͍̜̣̙̲̭̟͈̞͔͇̲̖͔̲̖̙̰̼͙̣̤͎̮̮̳̼̼̬̺͚̠̰͔̭̟̘͌̑̐̌̆̋͛̓̈́̇̾̽͋̈́̋͑͂̈́́̋̈́̅͂̈̈̏̀͑̍̆̌̾̇̃̉̇̾̀̂̉͑͊̈́̾̍͂́͊͋̓̿̌̐͒̋͛͑̏̎̑̓̆̋̓̈̎̄̔̅́̀̔͆̑̿̉̅̾͌̒̀̆̄̑͋̎͋͋̃̐̃̌̂̊̄̎̓̆̊̊̍̔̃͒̑͋̇͋̐͋̏̆̽͛̂̓̃͐̌̒̉̂̄̋̔̈̋̾͗͊̄́̃̿̎͋͐̐͂̒̚̚̚͘͘̚̕͘͘͘͘͘͜͝͠͝͠͠͝͝͠͝͝͝͝ͅ8̶̧̨̢̢̧̨̡̡̧̧̨̧̨̨̢̢̛̛̛͕͖̺̹̝͈̝͚̝̖̞̮̹̙̝̟̯̭̦̪͈͉͙̯̤͈̝̥̜̫̝͍̜̠͔̖̪̞̟̬͙̻̣͇̯̗͚̜͈̪̱̖͈͚̲͚̦̩͚̞͍̝̹̞̦͕͎̘̯̲̠̗̪̜̠͎̱̦̣̰̥̱͇̼̹̫̜̮̟̖̹̳̦͚̦͕̟̠̹͇͇͖͇̮̣̫̻̦̞̠̘̣̤̤͓̹͚͓̯̘͔͍͚̪̭̟̟̼͈͚̬̞̯̪̙̯̹͔͖͎̭̞̞͕̩͍͇̺̩̺̲̤̣̝̠͓̖̩͙͚̤̻̘̤̈́͋̽̋͌͌̓̿̾͐̊̊́̓͛̉͗̿̀̈́̌̈́̏͐͆́͑̊̿̍̌̽̀̀̈́̓̎̉͑͐̊̓̅͒̇͐͆͋͑̒̌͒̐͒̏̉̉̅̉̍̉̒͛̈͋͗͑̈͆̃̍͗̂̄͂̇͗̿̂̏̾̊͐͑̔́̉͋͛͛̆̎͒̔̓̓͋̑̃̿͒̓͗̎̉͛̿̈͛́̅̋͗͐̎̒͒̿̅̃̑̋̉̌́͐̋́̅̾̈̿̉̅̚͘̚̕͘̚͘̚͘̚̚͘͘͘͘͘̕͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͠͠͝͝͝͝͠͠͝͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅ ̷̨̧̡̧̧̨̡̧̡̨̢̡̡̡̨̡̡̢̢̛̛̖͕̰̯̱͖̠̭͓̻̜̤͖͖̦͔͖͕͎͉͓̰̣̪͉̻̼͕̳̟̠͕̺̭̞̣̝̼͎͍̩̝̟͈̜̬̹̫͔̱͓͍̣̲̱͖̰̖̯͕͓͓̠̦̙̯̺͉̳̝̼̗͇̠̻̮̟͍̪͍͉̥̘̪̰͉̙̮̲̫̥̲̬̞͚͈̳̣̦̜̘͇̩̩̺̹̥̠͈̤̘̟̜͖̲̘̘̬͓͓̘͎͖̗͍͈̹̗̖̳̥̤͉͕̥̼̬̣̠̪̘͕̯̳̲͙̝̗͇̰͎͎̰̖̫̯̙̞͙͚̞̦̻̤͔̭͖̺̤̩̙͎͚̬̬͖͓̘̰̖̘͚͇͓̥͙͇͉̼̪͍̲͊̊̈́̈́͂͑̌̌́̽̾́͒͌͐̇͒̌̔̈́̍͊̆̏̎̑̆̋̃̄͐̏̈́̌͒̓̒̍̄̏́̅̓̈́̂̈́̈́̐͗̄̓̒͗̐̋̉͒̓̒̈̾́̂̄͒̇͌̇͌͊͑̐̓̀̂̆͆̾͒̇̑̂̏̍͑̉̌̓̽́̊̑̌͌̆̿̌̐̽͊͐̌̉̃͋͆̆͑̔̒͋̂͋͐̐̊̔̆̔̎̅̀̃̔̑̀̆̄̾̔̉̌͑͒̔̂͋̃̌̿̔̈̽̔̽͊̚̕̚͘͘̕͘̚͘͘̕͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͠͝͝͝͠ͅͅͅͅͅ8̶̨̧̨̧̡̧̛̙̩͉̩̳̹̘̳̙̖̹̦̹̦̙͓̮̩̼̞͓͉̘̥̫̬̜͓̖̗̙͍̱̠̯̪̺̯̹̦̟̝̮̼̺͎̯̳͇̣͇̖̜̳̥͖̩̘̠̗̥̰̺̗̜̼̤̭̥̺̬̫̫̝͚̣̲̗̙̬̞̪͕̘̏͊̽̔̅͗͛͊̅̒̇́̆̂̈́̓͗͘̕͜͜͜͝ͅṫ̶̡̨̡̢̨̢̧̨̨̧̢̡̨̨̧̡̡̢̡̢̨̨̧̢̛̛̛̛̛̗̫̰͔͓̳̬̙̘͎͕̪̠̬͉̺̩͚̳̤̰̹͔̟̬̠̩̙̟͈͙̗̬̤̬͖͖͚̤̥̦̺͇͖͉̗̻̯̘͉̘̠̺̝͉͖̯̮̞̞͉̖̠̼̙̱̯̼̜̳̠̥͓̳̖̝̭͇̩̥̝̣͉̩͚̬̟̝̲͖̰̬̭͉͇̥̣͓̬͕̝͕̰͙̦̠͙͓͔͙̣̥̪̻̣̜̗̺̬̫͉̯̲̼̻͙̺̖̱̳͍͙̻̱̲̖̹̰̖̳̫̬̟̫̜̦͉͔̰͚̝͔͇̙̞̥̹̲̺̤͓̤̯̯̻̮̻͇̹̭͚͓͎͈͎̣͈͖̤͈͔̜̭͙̥̭͈͉̯̮̭͍̫̫̫̼̞̙̲̫̠̗̝̣͉͍͔̳͙̠̠̪͉̞̻͓̼̠̲̳̱̟̹̝̣̤̩̦͈̖͔̞͚̜̈͂̎̌͑̎̌́̊̀̏̎̔̈̔̇̿̄̾̓́͌̊̋̈́̉͌̀̋͑̑̍̂̋́̎̂̏́̑͑̓͐̈̍̏̊̇̌̀͗́̇͒͊̄͗̏̔́͑̍̎̃̍͂̃̆̇͗̎̓͛̈̓̈̆̉̆̐̔̂͐̽̏̂̽̍̿̉̆̅̌͆͊͑́̉̐͂̏̽͗̐͋͆̂͒͌̑̎̀̾̏̆̀͂̇̾̾̄̌̉͊̅̽͋͆̾̽̉̍̈̇̓͐̍̽̃̑̏̏̊͗̄̆̊̑̐̂̒̍̔͒͐̆͆̅̅̑͌̒̃͆͒̐̚̚͘̕͘̕̚͘͘͘̕͘̕̕̕͜͜͜͜͝͝͠͝͠͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝ͅͅg̶̨̢̡̛͎̜̘͖̬̬̪̬̻͇͚̣͉̙̳̹̩̺̺̺̹̅̂̏́͗͗̽̽̆̒͋͂͋̐͘͝͠ư̵̢̢̧̨̡̢̧̢̢̢̧̢̧̧̧̨̢̢̧̨̡̨̡̨̨̢̹̰̺̺̪̖͓̺̲̣͔̖̤͍̙̱̤͚̟͙͙̼̥̤̠̣̹͖̼͚̗͈͍̟̟͈͔̙̤̤͙̘̭̯̻̞̳͉̙͓͉͎̙̱̺̬̥̯̻͕͈̹̳̮̫͔̩͉̤͎͎̬̘͍̲̜̠̩̯̤̭̲̟͍̗̭͓͈̭͉̤̖̮̰͎̰͇̲͉͕͖̰̫̫͚̳̫̭̦̹̘͖̣͕͇̺͙͖̙̮̤̣̙͔͇̩̜̹̥̼͓͕̥̦̱͇̳̗̣̫̱̙̟̤̳̻̹̦͚͇͇̗̪̝̠̺͕͈͎̫̹̙̙͓̞͉̖̣̻̣̱̳̞͖͇̺͎̹̞̥̗̜͔̻͖̺͈͎̤̤̱͍̤̳̣̰͚̯̲̳͖̝̼͉̳͔̫̱̫̠̩͙̗̮͙̳̹̭̖̟̲̩̠̼̺͚̬͔̄͆̑̂̾͊̈́͛̈͑̃̓̓͛̑̋̔̽̀͗͆̈́́̒̎̽̈́̎͋͌́̃̾͊̆̋͘̕̚̕͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͠͠͝ͅͅͅg̴̢̢̡̢̢̧̢̛̲̺̦̲̻̱̩̲̜͕̼̰̫͉̖̤͈̣̣̜̻̗̖̩̝͕̺̗̻̟̭͔̬̼͔͍̬̳̬̦̯̥̞̻̞̹̪̱̘̺͙̳̫͓̝͔̠͕͚̟̫̳͚͇͚̫̱͔̰͇̮̲̮̠̯̙̯͎͉͍͕̗̣̙̣͔͉͖͙̜̺͋̀͂̒̈͑̈́̈́͋̆̈́̒͊̋̆͂̽̋͗͗̃͗̋͆̅̾͊̚͝͝ͅͅͅa̴̧̩̪̦͕̳͓̭̱̳͎̩̹͍̦͇̬̓̐̒̔̾̃͐̐̍́͊̆̍̿̎̑̑̀̏͌̏̇̾̈́̐̐͑́̐̌̇̍͌̀̓̀̚̕̚̕͝͝͠ä̷̧̢̛̛̛̛̛̛͔̰̳̥̠̫̼͈͍͈̫́̽̽̓̓̄́̈́̄́͊̔͑̎̈́̍̏̐̓̇́͑̈̈͂̿̓̉̈́̍̓̐́̉̒̓̉̀̀̈́̆̄͒̉͊̂̈́͒̑̂̆͂̾̈̌̍̇̒̇̊̆̽́̃̀̊͊̄͌̃̐̈͐̏̌͂͋̃̐́̊̽͗̌̈̈̓̔̐̄̔̌̽̿͂̅̑̆͒̂́̏͑͒̒̋̓͑͑͌̇͊̏̏̅̊̅͌̽͑͊͂͊͛̍͛̌̇͗͛͑͆̇̇͒̐̑̂̒̂͂̎͗̓̑̉̀̾͊͆̚̕̕̕̚͘͘̕̚̕͘̕͘̕̕̕̚͘͠͝͠͝͝͠͠͝͝͝͝ ̷̢̡̡̢̢̢̧̨̡̧̨̨̢̧̢̢̢̢̢̡̨̧̡̛͔̞̩̫̗͇̥̰̙̦̺̦͇̘̠̣̤̣̫͈̜̩͈̣̲̩̖̼̥̺͚͕̩̳̳̝̺̪̠͙̩̦̺͓͕̩͔̰̩̭̗̘̥͕̠̮̰͈̟͖̖̥͉̭̪̹͎̘̘͚̝̗̜͕̥̭̺̱̗̬̺͎̯̳̙̞͔̱̼̣̥̤̬̠͎̤̣̤͉̭̻̹̦̥̬̭͚̠̘̤̮̖̮͉̳͍̠̥͚̼̼̘͇̠͇̟̗̦̲̦̤̝̝̦̥̻̘̺̗͍̭͍̻̹͓͓͈̖̜̼̯͎͈͓̜͉͍̬̯̯̙̹̘̱̰̤̮͇̺̟͈̫̺̝̰̤̦̦͙̺̘̠͓̲̩̖̬͎͇̳̼̳̤̮̥̗͍͓̬̤͉̪͕̘̇̒̎̈́̓̍̓̀̊͒̌̅̓̓̊̃̃̿̓̿̎͒͐̏̊̓̈́̇̉̈́̊̍̓̃̉̽̅̅̒̔̆̔̒͛̀̽̅͛̾̍̿̅́̃͌̈̓̔̓̾̀͒͆͛̃̎̐͌̌̉͐̆͐́̐̂̽̌͑̑̐͆̅̒̉͒̎͐̌̿̓̉͂̚̚͘͘̚̕͘͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͠͝͝͠͝͠͠ͅͅͅͅͅͅd̴̢̡̧̧̢̨̧̡̨̢̧̧̨̛̛͇̹̤̟̹̩̜̩̤̙̗̰̜̗̱̦̤͇̫̲̝̘̼̘͚̘̗̳̩͚̹̠̳̥͚͇̺̱͍̳̭͕̠̟̭̲̺͔̦̳̰̼̪̺̗̥̣̲̝̬̪͉͖̟̗͈͙̥̩͈̳̥̩͈̥̘̜̝͔̹̘̏͗͆̃̈̊́̈́̂͆̎͂͊͛́̃͆̋͊͑͒͌̊̊̇̃̀̏̏͂̉̈̓̈́̔̄̉́̄̒̃̈́͒̀̓̆́̈́̒͒̇͌̊͆͛̓̆͑̋́̈̆̄̌̋̑̂̆͑̃̎̌͊̾̄̌͑͐̔̃͊̔͐͋̎̋̾̈̅̽͊̊̑̓͗̽̉̿̉̊͒̉͐̍̋̾̀̐̆̅̌͗̔̓́̑̃̿̍͐̐̊́̈̂̀͘͘̕͘̚̚̕̕͝͠͝͝͠͝͝͝ͅd̵̨̢̨̨̡̢̨̛̛̛̛̗̤̲͔̝͍̪̺̩̮̫̮̞͚̗͓̞̦̤̙̞̙̲̹̹̘̞̳̼̮̺̮͎̫̪̣͚͖̹̭͖̣̗̰̖̮̂̑̿͑̉̽́̐̓̓̌͑̃̊̈͆͂̽̎͒͐͌̌̾͊́̊̎̓̑̿͐̑̈̈́̀̿̾́͊̔̇̀́̀̅̀̈́͒̂̄̿̒̃̑̔̒̑͐̾̔̅͌̐̃̒͊̓̈̋̄̊̃̅̽͐̅̾̀͑͋͑̇́̆̇̽̎̇͛̍̽̅̅͌͋̏̽̍͗̑͑͒͑̆̆́̔̊̍̑͆̾̾͛̊̅̎̑͘͘̕̕̕̚̕̚̕̕̕͘̕͝͠͝͝͠͠͠͠͝͝͠͠͠͠͝ͅ ̷̨̢̡̡̛̛̛̛̛̛̠͓̗̖̳̼̫̥͚̥̻̗̦͉̻͉͍̲̱̖͕͔̙̲̤̥͔̭̠̪̱̗͓̙̰̙̗̱̰̲̰͍̲͇̠͍͇̰̝͈̹͔͍͖͍̫̲̻͖̩̗͈̖͓̘̘̹̰͍͈̺̣̗̰̯̗̭̎̃̒̏̉̒̇̾̾̾̐̊̇͗͗͊̔̏͑͂͐͗͛̔̎̾̆͂͆̓̈́̔́̓́͊̌́̽͗̏̓͆̏̀̔͒͆̽͑̍̎̎̄̒̔̊̒́͂̎͌͋͐̃͒̇̊͛̊̋͊̈̇̂̌̔̓͋͐̉̂̅̐̀̔̇͊́̑̏̓̐̃͐̄̇͒̎̔̀̂̎̃̆̌̇̃̾͐͒̅͋̀͊̅̃̔̌́̃͗̔̋̐͛̔̔̔̋̾̈̒̑̐̃̽̔̊̂̋̊̒̐̌̏̅͘͘̚̚̚̚͘͘͘̕̚͘̕̕͘͘͜͜͝͠͠͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͠͝ŗ̷̧̧̧̨̡̧̧̡̨̢̢̧̡̡̡̨̢̨̡̨̧̢̛̛̛̛̤͍̳̭̹̰̦̮̹̤̘̱̤̗̰͎̥̥̝̪̖̠͕̱̥̪͚̬̱̟̗͍͖͉͚̲̟͓̩͕͙̪̞̫̞̘̖̝̩̜͚͕̙͎̫̭̟͍̟̥͖̻̤̳͎̼̘̼̯̙̟̫̹̭͍̮̘̟͔͇̼̙̰̬̲̘̤̖̩̜̱̩̻͚͇̬̭͕̘̲͓͚̥̖̣̟̭̙̩̥̪͕͚̝̹̩͓̝̙͙̗͕͎̤͍͈̩̲̞͙̝̣̦̟̬̺̯͓̼̟̭̜̳͓̜̖̩̬̙͕̻͓̺̻͔̞̘͖͓̥̯̘͍̻̱̟͍̞̩̪̩̖̣̪̹̻̭͕̮͔̝͉̼̪͈͎̱͈̝͚̥̞̻̟͕̟͓͉͈̘͉͉̤̙̞̲͖̞̲̙͕̗̣̳̩͈̩̥̩͓̙͕̞̰͓̪͓̝̘͎̺̝̠̦̖͖̗̳̮͎̥̝̦̞̥͔̹̬̦̝̟̬̮͉͇̽̀̉̓͋̔̄̄͗͋̌̄̾̿́͗͐̐̆̈́̿͒̈́̂͊̃̐̑̐͛̏͊͂͋̍́̔̄̀́̈́͋͛̓͒̑̑̏̎͛̀͑͆͆̏̒̾̍͑͌̍̆̈͛̍̌͗̓̋̌̓̆͒͒̉͗̇̎͛͐̂̅̎͗͐͂́̽̌͊͌̒̊̑̈͒̏̾̇̌͋̌̈̋͐̒̏͊͘̚̚̚̚͘̚͜͜͜͠͠͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅ8̶̡̡̧̧̨̧̡̡̡̧̢̧̛̛̛̛̛̛̞͉̘̦͇̹̻̫̝̖̤̦̜̹̘̙͓͕͖͖̥̪̖̙̟̞̹̣̰͔̯̣̭͍̼̳͕̮̬̮̹̘̩̮̬͍̙͈͚̫̦̳̻̬͔̞̼̖̪̤͈̰̞̺̰̹͓̪̪̱͙̜̜͎̗͎͉̦͓͕̣̹͔̤͙͚̩͇͈͇̹͚̯̰̭̬͈͖̭͉͓̫̤͌͒́̀͐̇̀̋̌̃̔̋̅̀̿̑̈́́̉̎̈́̒͐̊̌͐̽͛̃͆̾̿̏͊̓̿̇͛̎̉̓̂͗̆̿̀͋̌̆͋͒̎̾̃̋̇̓̾̍͌̎̊̇̀̒̊͛̇͛̄̅͗͐͋̔͌̈̅͛́̄̆͛͋͛̽̿̿͊͗̓͒͆͌͆͂́̐̇̈̓̌͒̇͑̒́̍͗̐̒̊̊͛̉̾̓̒̇́̾̏̓̽̾̆͑̍͆̽̐̃̾̔̈͌͗̀̎͌̄͐̔̒̊̎͆͊̔́̒̌̿͆̆͆̐̽̽͒͋̐͒̔̅̾̄̃͗̄̇̇̍́̈̏̒́̄̽̉͌͆̚̚̚̕̕̚̚̚̕̕͘͘̕͜͜͜͠͠͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͝ͅͅ8̷̡̧̡̛̺̥͓̠̟͍̞̱͈͒̀̎́̆̾́̊́̎͑̀̾̑̃̾̉̌̾͊́̀̾̌̈́̈̇̈́̇̿̐͑͗̓̏̄͐͑͆̊̔̊͌́̑̓͆̑̓̔̐̀̐͛̀̿͒̿͒͐̎͛͋͌̾̎̇͋̄̏̃́͌͊̃͆̔͆̒͂̿̔͌̋̑͊́̄̈͌̌̈̀͂̒̓͌̐́̔͌̊̍̊̽̂͆̓̿͌̒̌̏̿̂̔̽̽̎̅̋͂̊̀̓̇̆͊̅̆̅͗̇̆̎̉͊̓̉͊̆̒̑̇̓̀̍̆̄̂̏̐̇͑͒͐̋̿̈̑̇̇͑͑͘͘͘̕̚̕͘̚̕̕̕̕̚̚̕͘̚͘̚͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝ ̵̧̧̢̢̨̡̢̧̢̡̧̢̨̨̢̡̡̛̞̤͚̱͚̰̭̳̦̩̜̣̯͇̳̤̖͚̺͔͔̠̪͎̠̣̼̪̗͇̳̭̟͕̭̺̩͉͕̣͚͓̳͍̘̫̜͈͖̹̘̣͓̗͎̮͈̹̪̱̖͖͖̝̭̺̯͖͖̮͍̘̼̟̝̖̦̯͚̱̭̳̲͍̙̠̬̻͕̗̫̦̝̪̬̤̣̘̣̣̯͕̼̪̫̠̣̻̙͇͚̺͓̺͇̠̘͚͈̹̣̪̮̮̜̪̦̘͓͚̬̮̬̬̤͇͇̖̻̣͎̺͓̦͚̹̭̯̠͎̬͍̻̠͉͕͕̦̰̝̰̀̋͗̿͐͑̍̒̽̓̇͆̇̒̽͌̏̔̀̃̚̚͜͜͜͜͠ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅ8̶̢̢̡̧̨̧̨̡̢̡̧̨̨̧̨̨̢̨̡̨̧̢̛̛͚͓̪̝̥̣̤̜̰͈̼̭̺̥̖̻͎̬͚̬̻̲͉̼̳̻̗̼̫͔͍̼̲̱͇̳̳̯͚̩̣̣̘̘̤͚̜͍͙͕̣̭̖̥̣̘͕̘̞̬̻̻̝̝̜̤̯̟̪̘̭̫̫̘͕̣̜͍͍̭͓̲̖̥̳̘͎̭̖̬̺̦̦̮͖̬̼͉̝͍̥̟̱̹̠̖͎̫͓̥̤̮̺̯̜͔͕̺͎̠̺̲̱̝͈̭̹͇̝̪̬̯̩̤͙͇͔̺̗̗̺͙̩͉͕͚̹̯̟͔̗͚̼̲̩̹̲̖͕̫̥̠̱͔͍̗̎̊̀̇̅̈́̊̓̋͒̈̂͛̐̑̊̿̎̆̃̉̅̓̈͑͋̆͒̑̌̈́͐̈́̅̈́͑̿̇̀̓̓̒͗̂͛̀̈́̈́̿̐̆̊͒̊̾̒̽͋͊̏͌̊̍͒́͗̿̂̅̽̉́̋̌̔̈̽͆̓̈̎̽̐̃̋̌̉̃̄̂̍͌̈̔̔̏͂̔̅̆͑͒̿̓̾̊̑̾̾̐̐̎̾̒̊̈͒̅̄̀͆̈̉͑̑̑̄̿͗͐̌̊͒̔̔̍̏͐̏̐̚͘̕̚̕̕͘͘̕̕͜͜͜͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅț̶̢̧̧̨̧̢̨̨̨̧̧̧̡̧̧̡̢̢̡̛̘͕̩̻̬̣̭̝͕͖͕͙̟̦̠̖̟̦̘̰̟̙͙̠̼͇͎̮̯̠̹͇̬̗̫̠̪͎̥̦̠̙̦̲͙̳̭̺̰̼͓̯͉̭̝̯̜̭̺͖͙̥̻̟̯͎̫̹͓͎͚̱̠̫͚͓̠̟͚̙͚͈͉̥̰̪͙̱̱̯͇̯̙͙͔̦̳͍̟͍̘̳͙̞͈̼͚̯̪͙͙̖̗̖̦̠̞̭̥̤͉͔̱̼̹̻̤̱̫͇͍̗̥̘͎̺̠̫͙̦̮͈̯͙̱̝͎̝͈͔̰̝̙̥͈̘͔͇̩̱̫͎̗̘̻̗̳͎̖̩̫̫͕̹͙̟̩̮̲̣̥̦͔̻͈͔͍̟̙̙̣̲̬̠͎̥͖̗̹͕̍̉̿̔̀̿̏̈́̂̀͆̿̓̒̑͌̃̾͐̅̿̀͋͐̏͊̑̂̓̆̐̓̽̉͑̽͂́͒̆̀́̔̑̉̓͐̔̍̔̅̑͌̓͊̓͑̑͂͒͊̽́͛͑̋́̾̾̽̉͗̈̎͐͐́̃̽͂͆͆̐̈̂̅͌̌͌̾͛͗̔͛̋͋̏̄̐̍̎̋̐̎̉̋̉͑̀̇̿̅̂̃̀̍̿̆͒́̔̅͗̾̔̿͗̉̿̅͐̐͐̔͋͒͂̒͒̉̆͒̃̈̈̎͗̃̽̔̈̔̐̌̌̽̃͋̏͛̆̍͂̓̒̀̑̅̽͛̌͗̃̍̊̍́̐͑̅̽̾͊͐͐̋͋̕̚͘̕̕̚̕͘̕͘̕̚͘͘͜͜͜͠͝͠͠͠͝ͅͅͅͅg̷̢̨̨̧̧̨̡̡̨̧̨̡̡̧̡̢̡̡̧̢̡̨̡̡̡̧̳͉͇̺̯͇͙͇̘͉̭̤͚͕̘̬̖̠͚̥̲̠̙̻̖̱̦̰̦̝̻͔̜͎̜̬̲̪͓̳̯͓͈̥͚̯̳̦̗̗͚̮̖̮̙̻̲̖͉̼̮͕̯̺̩̯̜͖̦̱̰͖̤͖̲̱̞͈̰̙̥̮͍̝̯̜̣̹̦͕̝̰̻̝̜̩͕͖̻̞̗̘̞̦̝͓̤̳̹̯̝̩̳͚̤̠͙̖͓̪̭̬̪̲̱̞̰͕͚͙̙̟͖̜̪̺͍̻̱̗̝̪̜͓̫͙̥̘̥̻̱̰̻̻͈̼̭̥̯͕͕͓̝̱̳̜̦̟̗͙̜̦̮̪̠͖̘̻̩͙̪̩̞͎̮̭̣̙̻̘͍̭̣͙͖̪̭̗̲̯̣̜̍̒́͗̍͆́͆͑̆̀̇́̆̇͒̋̔̄͊̆͛̿̓̈̈͋̄͌͑̌̿̿͋͋́̊̀̒͊̀̅͛̂͌́̾́̈̈̉͂͊̆̐̓̊̄͗̈̉̆̍̿͐͂̄́̏͂͐̿̉͛͘̚͜͜͜͝͠͠͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅư̵̡̡̢̨̢̨̨̨̧̡̧̢̛̛̛̦̘̜̥͍̦̞̰̝̲̹̘͚͎̭̤̺̫͓̙̘͍̳͈͔̝̳̬̘̺̠̮̳̭̖̺̠͕͉̺̘̪̜͚͕͎̫̤̬̺͕̩͕̹̟͍̥̞͙͚̖̹̹̲͍̯̞͔̟̗̺̟̭̪̻͕̣̲͈̱̮͙̇͗̌͒̆͗̐̃̑̅̓̂͑͒̈́͑̈́̓̽̀̒̄̅͌͌̅̓͑̃̀̒̄̃̉̈́̿̅͒̽̔̄́̏͂̅̀̊͒̍̅͑͋̔͂͐̒͗̓̀̐͗͆̿͒̃͊̒͊̅̈̾̅̌͒̋̾͗̾̈̆̈͑͋̍̓͋̉̀̿̂̏̃̔̉̆́͗̋̄̐͛́̔̒̓̆̎͐̓̈̔̅̈̉̅̍̾͑̅̚͘͘̚͘̕̕͘̕̚͜͜͜͠͠͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝ͅͅg̵̨̢̡̧̨̢̧̢̡̡̧̢̢̛̛̛̛̛̛̦͕͇̩̯̯͓̼̟̝̺̙̲̳̱̼̬̯̖̲̺̣̣̣̭̱̝̙͎͇̪͇̩̯̩͔̻̭͇̪̻̞͚̪̳͎͇͔̭̤̥̰̼̲̪͓̖̭̗̬̺̪͎̰̮̯̗̻̰͔͎̤̪͖̲̳̱̘͕̲͎̼̳͙̹͚̜̩̯͖̩̲̪̰̰̯̤͉̪͖̤͈͙̥̮̹̘̩̏͛̔̇̎̾̇̌͌̀̉͛̉̍̊̈͆̈́̓̊̃͆̿̐̀̔̈́̂̌̀̅͗͊͒͆̓̇̈́̍͗̀̉̅̈̈́̽̈́̄̑̂̎́̿̾̍̿́̉̓̀̀͗͐̇̏̆̃̔̋̓̇͒̈̍͑̾̏́̌̔̔̐̇̅̐͋̓͌̍̏͛̂̎̾́͐̔͋̏̄̐́̂̾̈͗̄̊̀͗̾̇͒̍̋͑̈̓̈̇́͛͋͛͒̇́́̐̍̄̒́͋̌̒̑̔̐̅̿̈̐̌̐̌͒̋͌̿͒͗͋͒͐͐̽̍͐͆̿͐̏̍͗̉͊̋͂͊̍̊̀̓̃̍̋́͌̾͑̄̊̇̌̍́̍̎͌͂̎̍̉͛̊̍̒͌̚̕̕̚͘̚͘̕̚͘̚͘̕̚̕̕͘̚̕̚͘̕͘̕͘̚͜͜͜͜͝͠͝͝͠͝͝͝͠͠͝͠͠͠͝͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅa̵̛̛̛̗͖̝̯̹̩̺̥̟̯̟͎̖͍̩͕̥͇̼̹̹̍̊̌͂̅̌͒̍̈̽͋̀̅͛͊̉̇́̌͌̏̒̆́̂͊͗̓͊̓̏̊͋̔͑̐̑͒͑̏͌̉͒̆̄̍͋͌͌̐̃̿̅̒̃̅̈̃̾͆͂̿́͑͑͋̏̉̓̓͛̋̈̂̎͐̒̍̃̍̓̉́̿̎̏͌̀̔͂̀̂̍̏͛̊͛̎̒̔̅̍͐́̋̾̽̽͗̏́̅̑̄̿̄͘̕͘͘͘̕̕̕̚̕̕͘͘̕͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͝ͅa̷̢̨̨̡̢̧̡̨̡̧̡̢̨̢̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̗̱̞̼̙͇͙͚̹͔̱̩̠̹̞͖̤͚̥̝͈̠͕̟̩̗̤͓̣̼̳̭̤̬̟̩̦̣̭͚̻̪̮͇̘̝̥̥̙̳̥̳͍̹̣͚̹̟͎͈͔̜̼̜͉̩̤̲̩͎̩̮̯͖̫͍̜͕͎̭͚̹͉̭͓̻̪͔̻̗̖̱̥̟̖͇̫͉̖̠̭͙̣̝̤͕͈͕̰̫̣̻̼͈͇͎͙̬̱͎͙͔͖͕͚̪̰̻̝̞̺̯͖̟͔̝̠̰͈̝͖̘̻̳͉͎̖̦͔̮͎̫̹̺̦̬͓̪͕̙͇̘̣̭̯͖̹̺͓̣̣̼̦̗̘͈̣͇̹̖̙̻̜͔̱͚͙̠͕̖̣͍̤̤͈̣̺̩͖̠̻͖͇̣̜̙͍͂̀̏̓͛͛̑̍̊͒́̓̋̓̀͒̍̀͋́̈́̊̓̃̐̊̌̏̿̃͐̋̒̇͐̽̿̃̿̓̍̿͋̿̂͗͗̈́͊̀͊̐͋̂̈̇̿͌̓̔̅̌̆̆͛͐͋͆͋̇͌̎͒̾͐͊̇̐̍̾̓̏͊̔̃̐̏́̾͆͐͒͆͛̈͋̄̍̿̅̆̂̅̏̂̐̓̂̅̎͒̌̎͌͂̇̎͋̌̂͛̐̄̏̿͊̎̂͗́̓̇̽̓̓̋͌̊͆̔̃̑͐̆͐̐͌͂̾̔̉͐͛̑̉̅̉͑̽͂̐̅͑̔͑̀̈̅̏͂͘̚̕̕̕̕̚͘̚̕̚͘̕̚̕͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͠͠͝͠͠͝͝͠͝͝͠ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅ ̵̡̨̡̡̨̨̡̨̢̢̢̧̧̡̨̛̛̛͖͉̪͍̪̭̜̗̥͖̱̮̮̙̳͍͙͚͉̱̗͍͎̭̮̫͕̹̳̣͙̹̮͙̗̙̰͎̬̺̹͕̘̱͚̦͚̹̦̜̠̖̻̱̱̻͉̫͓͎͉̻̥̗̤͇̪͉̮̭̭̣̦̩̤̩͉̮̭̭̖̹̝͇̹̬̼̪͚͈͓̹͕͎̬͉̯͈͚̖̳̼͚̗͓̭̣̭͚̖̮̙̳͇̠͍͉̻̻̝͇̜̘̲͔͓̪͈̗̥͎̱̪̹̺͖̜̪̦͚̣̝̖̳̹͇͎͙͔̭͔͙̳̇̈́̏̇̈́̆̑̉̿͐́̃̈́̐̑̆̈́͌̉͋̑͒̀̈̽̀̈́̄̈́͆̀̔̀͌͒̔͌̅̃̄͐̆̓͗̍͊͛͆̽̾̏́͑̌̂̽͛̋͒͂̌̂̀͆͆̂͑́̓͑͋̒͛̋̈̄͌̍̇͗̓̑̔̽̕͘͘̕̕͘͘͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͠͝ͅͅͅͅͅd̵̡̨̡̢̧̡̡̢̡̢̧̧̡̨̨̛̛̛̛̛̪͉̣̱͔̱̟̦͇͙̝̻̱̙̻͇̮͖̪̺̣͎̩͎͓͔͇̜͓̳̞̻͍̹̯̬̙̣͕͈̗̭̗̗͓̲̫͇̦͉͙̞̰̣͇̝̤̼̲̞̰͙̼͉̬͎̳͍̘̳̦̜̞̼̣͓̱͉̤̞͍̻̤͍̱͓̪͖̞̝̺͔̘̮͖͕̤̲̲̺̘̥̙̣̲̳̩̻̪̼̳̦̣̬̗͍̫̝̳͙̖̩̙̱̳͚̙̹̦̥̙̜̜̪̯͇̣͎̣̜̰̰͔̤̩͎̭̗̱̖̖͔̥̘͍̠̝͍͙̭̤̮̪͈͖̰͍͔̬̱̤̼̱͙̹̱̬̫̮̦̤̱̻̘̗̭̗̝͇̺̘̜̙̺̜̫̦̯̽̎̐̍̀̄͑̃̈́̈́̎̾̈́͊̌̍̃͒̀̏̐̈̉̅̀͐̾̐̄͛̔̈͐̌̒̌̀̌̀̈̍͛̈́͂̀̄̏͌̃́̾̔̋̌̔̀͋̏̑͗̀́̅̀͗̉͊̊̾̃̃̀͂̑̐̂̉͊͋͛̏̽̇̿́̊̀͑͊̽͒̈̾͗̔̒̿͊͛̀̾̓͛̇͐͑̀̓̏̋̎̐̋̌̒̓̽̓̎̌̋̃̇͑͑͑͆̐̍̑́̂̉̆̐͐͛̋̿͛͑̿̂͐̃̏̌͗̃̄͊̃͑̍͐̏̏̄͆̉͑̀͗͒̄̃͋̒̕̚̚̕͘̕̚̚̚̕̚̕̕̚͜͜͜͠͠͝͝͠͝͝͝͠͝͝͠͝͠͝͝ͅͅḑ̷̡̨̡̧̧̢̡̧̡̧̧̢̡̨̨̡̨̢̛̛̰̩͓̠̫̺̬̪̮̙͔̗̮̹̟̯̖̟͎̼̤͉̪̹̤͖̱̘̰̮̜̖̭̻͈̭̼͙̩͉̹̹̲̫̮̳͓̣̘̞̦̗̥̬̺͈̟̳̲͈̪̜̝͉͓͍̲̰͕̣̬̻͖̺̭͇̯̳̮͍̲͍͖͉͕̝̣͇͈͕̙͕͖̫͎͈̝͚̻̦̟̺͚͕̆̓̈̽́̌́̓͑͗͂̋́̎̿̽̀̉̊̂̔͆̀̓̍͊̅̀͊̎̄̀̔͋̆̔̏͌̇̄͋̅͑͋͋̋͊̀͋̉̇̏̿̆̇̂̒̇͋̓͌̄̇͂́́̐̃͑̈̽͛͛͒̏̀̊͂̄̃̊̓͂̿̆͘̚̕̚̕̚̚̚͜͝͠͝͠͝͝͝͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅ ̸̢̨̡̡̡̧̧̢̧̧̢̡̢̢̨̨̧̨̡̨̧̛̛̛̛̛̺̼͈̖̭͎̯̝̖̥̪̜͕̣̻̭͓̪̦̼̮͖͙̩͎̳̪͍̤͎̹̞̝̞̞̟̜͙̠̗̼̝̱͎͉͉̜̻̲̰͇̬̱̤͖̹͎̘̥̺͖̥̻͙̱͕͎̠̩̙͓̱̗̣̹͉͖̹̩̙̫̞͙͍͚͕͍̫̳͓̣̩̬̮̬̗̤̟̙̭͇̼̙͙̻̗̖̦̩͉̗̮͇̜͈̝̣̬̥̜̹̙̖̠͇͈̲̹̘͕̻̹͖̮̣̮̟͎̣͚̞̻͔͈̻̟͉̭̯̤̫̣̤̖̥̦͓̹͖̻͎͇͈͉̳̤͉̻̥̠̖͓̻̰̟̩͉̯̜̥̱̞͓̖̱̺̜̟̭̬̬̟͍̲̰̥̹̱̲̹̖̬̯̫̘̪̰̻̘̫͖̮̞̯̳̫̮̩̫͇͔̣̺̖̠̮̬͓̣̩͍̻͉̤̥̣̳̲̻̘̩͕͈̣̘̋̋͑̍̑̂̅̄̾̄͛͑̂̽̋̊̉͂̇̔͌̿́̈́̓̾̂͗̔͒̽̏̉͐͆̄̎̊͗͑͛͑́̈́̉̈́̿̂͋̿͂͆̽͑̽̑̒̀̅̍͒̎͌̏́̾̅̋̄́̆̍͋̔͌̔̍͂̐̽͋̃͒̈̃̍͘͘̚̚̚͜͜͜͝͠͝͠͝͝͠ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅr̶̡̨̡̨̡̡̢̢̨̡̨̡̧̢̨̧̡̡̢̨̧̧̨̢̨̛̛͉͚̗̺͙͇̱̫͚͚̲̞͕͕͈͓͙̩̼̯͙̬͔͇̰̻̟̹̲̳̩͖͕͙̭͍͉̫͚͕͚̙̹̗̞̣̭͉̥͈̝̣̖͉͍̗̬̝̞̣̺͔̳̘̗͙͈̱̳̗̯͎̖̘͙̬̳̯̣͇̻͕̙̻̪̜̣̻̟̼̠̙͚̭̪̻̬͙̘̟̫̻͇̘̹͓̪͈͖͉͍̬̠̠͙̤̳̖͓̣̹̩̮̣͖̦͚͖͓̟̞͔̞͉̻̥̗̬̙̼͇̥͇͎̠͖̮̲͎̹͙̖̻̮̺͍̗̪̩̟̝̟̠̦̗͚̯͖̬̗̠̗̣̤̹̼̭͎̼̠͔̳͍̺̠̭̬͔̩̭͚͉͍͓̞̭̲̱̼̘̼͈̩̻̦͖͇̣̱̩̦̺̱̰̥̭̱̥̮͙̦̯͖̤̖̝̗̭̻̱̮̝̹̫̞̱̟͎̺̘̲̗̥̞̪̺͈̩̗͙̬̞̺͉͚̈̂̅̎̌̀̋́͂̈́̓́̔͌̋̃͑̾́̈́̐̈́̐́̍̀̈́̌̃̾̋̇́̅͐͒̉̈́̉̍̐͗̽̒̊͌̒͛͛͑͂͗̈̿̂͋̀͊̔͂̃̒̌̆̉͆͗̑͗̆͑̈͋͗̃͆̃̆̑̉̍̃̿̇̾̊͌̍̐͊̐͗̂͌͑͆͑̈̑̏̇̅̉̓̊͌̅͊̉̈̀̂̆̇͑̎̂̿̓̑̓͐͊̈̔̾͐̾̽̇̀͐̒̃͑̏̾̑̃͂͑̓̂̌̕͘̚͘̕͘̚̚̚̚͘̕͘̚͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͠͠͝͝͝͝͠͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͠͠͠ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅ8̸̡̢̧̨̨̡̢̢̨̢̨̧̡̧̧̨̧̡͕̟̮̯̜͈̫̮̰̗̹͍̭̫̼̟̺̮̜͇̤̼͕͙͓̖̬̻͖͉͚̠͇͖̖̣̲͓̗͔͎̼̳̹̫̦̜̩̘̠̭͔̟͓̠̣̥̪͉̜͕͚͍̘̩̣̬͓̪̺͇͔̹̹̻̪̮̹͍̯̲̣͔̥̻̺̜̺̥̩͇̤̠̫̬̯̫̯̼̪̳̲̺͚͖̭̟͔̘͔͔̦̱̲̞̬̳͔͔̣͓̲̳͈̫̮̪͉̖̣̤͈̰̺̤̞̭͓̜̰̪̠̪̠̣͕̼̠͈̥̯̻̮̣̰͖͉̤̼̫̖͚͈̜͕̱̜̠̼͖̗̭͍̘̰̱̟͉̫͙̝͕̅̽̌̅͑̀́̌͗̾̈̊̉̐̍͊̍͑͌̓̈́̇̒̈́͛̓͆̂̍͌́͋̈̈́͋̓̂̋̒̑͒̽̓́̋͆̀̍̇̆̂̇͒̽̊͊̔͗̚͘̚͘̕̕͘͘͜͜͜͜͜͠͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅ8̶̡̧̨̨̧̨̨̧̡̡̨̧̧̢̧̨̡̧̢̨̧̨̢̧̛̛̛͚̬͔̱̮̤̳̳̲͓̥̣̻̤̦̬̮͍͓̼͙̣̥̗͍̙̥̝̩̭̝̬̥̜̭͚͉̙̭̹̘̮͕͎͈̘̟̯̭̠̲̜͙͉͕̖͍̥̼̗̟͕̮͇̟̼̦͖̜͔̰͇̳̗̙̫͓̯̖̞̫͕̖͕̙͚̲̪̩̱͈̭͓͚̰͚̯̩̹̘̠͖̘͓̻̠̮͔̩̰̫̲̦̺͔̬̬̖̥͉̮͎͍̩̜͓͔̮̤̦̼̲̖̗̰̮̘͓̙͈̳͕̼̰̤̞̺͇̭͔͙̱̠̗͔̣̺̩̤̹͈͙̻͙͎̺̞̪̥͖̜̳͈̪̜̳̗̹̦̝͕̥̱̠͖̰̫̪̙̪̭̹̺̲́̋͂̆͆̏̈́͗̽̿̂͂̐̐͆̉̽̓̾̓̐̈́̓̄͒̉̀̓̊́̑̆͊̾̊̂̾̓̓͂̉̽̋̿̿͆̎̐̋̔̊͆̿͐͛͘̕͘̕͘͜͜͜͠͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅ ̴̧̢̨̡̧̧̧̡̧̡̧̛̛͍̦͇̥͙̘̪̦̲̹͎̩̗͚͎̫̱̠͍͉̫̝̥͙͈̯̳̭̝̬̭̭̘̜̙͙͔̻̦̙̤̻̘̲̰͚͖͉̫̜͔̳͎̝̪̟͇̤̘̱͕̻̦̠̼̲͇̫͚̳̙̣̖̻̟̜̤͎͇̙̙̹̥̾̓͐͊͂͑̀̒̀̃̄͐̉̆̌̈́̈́̽͛͑́͐͒̍̋͂̔́̂̈́͋̋̿̐͐̊͐̀̋͛͋̉̉̿̍́̈́̉̏̐̾͑͌͐̾̄͐͑͗̏͗̈̓̈̃̃̅͆̎̊̇̅̀͒́͒̿̌͂̓͗̅̏́̔͌̉̓̐̊̾̈̍̊̇̈͌͋͒̉̒̀͋͛̌̔̑͐̌͊͒̄̒͐̈̾͐͐̏͗̃̇̑͂̃̌͆͋͆͊͒͌̑̾̆͆̉̈̂̈͗̊͛̆̉̌̉͌͂̄̎̉̾͐̾́̕͘̚̚̕̚̕͘̕̚̚͘͜͜͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͠͠ͅͅ8̸̡̡̡̧̢̧̛̛̛̛̰̤̦̹͓̙͖̙̪̯͖̳̣̟̲̜͎̻̝̗̱̞̩̝̲̗̯̤̦̼͇̺̣͓̙͈͎̯͕̪͔̦̜̼̯͖͕̹̰̜̼̝͍̯͍̭̺̣̝̮̠̝͚̩̦̫̬̓́͌̾̄̉̏̈́̆̈̿͊̀͋͊̿̃̊̀͂̐͒̑̏͛͂̎̿͊́̉͊͛̒͐̃͋̒̆́̈́̈̋̀̆̔̀̈́̈́̀͊̐͒̋͐̇̊̀̋̍́͗̊̇̑͆͛̎͌̌́̈̉̑̿͗̿̂̊̈͊̏̔̎͌̔̎̉̊̆̍̄̓̂̔̃͂͊̈̍̉͊͐̌̇̉̓̿̈̍̒̽͌͆͋̀̔̇̏̔̒̇͗̏̉̄̿͊͑͑̽͂̋͋̆͆̿͑͆̋̓͋́̓̑͒͛̈̏̀͗̒̑̒͛̄́̂͐̈͗̐͑̂̓̃̉͒̿͆̍̅͌̅̄̂̐͊͆͗̃̔̐̒̉̿̑̽͐͒̊̋͗͋̍̈͋̆̔̉̌͋͐̐̎̃̚̚̕̕͘̚͘̕̚͘̚͘̚̕̚͜͜͠͠͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͠͠͠͝͠t̶̨̡̨̡̡̨̨̨̧̨̢̢̨̧̨̡̨̢̛̛̛̛̰̠͉̜͙͓̖̯͉͕̺̣̞̮̗̳̭̼͔̼̙͕͕̖̲̱͉̜̼͚͇͕͉̲̱͖̬̹̪̫̙̤̥̘̪͖̪̞̣̰̭͖̟̜̬͚͚̙͔̰̱̬̮͎̭͈̳̫͚͍̯͎̭̤̲̜͔͔̯̣̤̹͚͚̦̝͍̬̲̘̝̮̺̝̳̭̘̫͈̥̣̲̬͉̠͖̯̘̱̦̤͓̳͖͍͕̝͈̯͕̼̉͂́͋͂͆͊͌̈́̿̅̎͐̿̾̋̌͒̃͑̽͊̿̎̂͒͛̄̐͗̉͌̍̽̏͊̏̔͂͑͑̈́̆́̈̋̉̏̌͂͑̌̐̇̇̆͗̋̀̆͆̂̊̎̌͐͑̽̐̈̒̊̏͛̌͑̉̉̈͆͌̈̕̕͘̕̚͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͠͝͝͝g̶̢̧̧̧̢̢̢̡̡̧̡̡̧̧̧̧̢̡̢̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̬̲̦̮̙̗̞͕͖͖͙̭̜͉̘̹̫̤͎̭̝̘͍̰̘̙͉̩̘͉̞̪͖͖̼̖͚̪̳̳̮̥̭̞̤̩̘̣̭͚̙̗̖͍̹̝̣̪̮̤͔͓̼̹̥̱͓̪͍͍̼͇̠̫̦̖̯͈̞̖͓̥̩̘̙̰͇͙̫̲̖̻͍̘͉̗͍̯̻͕͙̳̼̰̠̝̞̭͈͎̝̖̤̭̬͔̦̯̝̩͓̺̝͉̰̺̟̩͔̻̞̩̘͍̪̤̠̺̦͙̙̫̱͓̝͙̣̫̘̯̖̤̪̭̟͉̥͙͓̣̼̱̰̬̪̤̫̫̝͚̖̜̫̜͚̺͚̦̹͍̥̼̱̪̰͔̼͕͚̤̙͔̘͇̘̖̜͓̝̼̘̺͍̲̪̙̼̮͔̟̟͙̫͊͒̆̈́̄̄̃͌̾̈́̎͐͒̑̏̄̽̔̊͂̅͒̐̈͑̀͐͐̈́͒͒̈́̏̃̎̒͋̐͒̾̽̂̿̈̒̈́̽̂̑̋͊̾̀͂̃͑̃̀͑͌̿̓̅͐̉͑̄̄̉̎̌́̅̈̇͌͑̉͌͋̄̐̿͗̔͒̅͌͋̐̒̃̎͒̉̾͂͑̉̍̆̇̔̋̒̊̀͗͗͌̅̎͗̉̄̐̉͛͆̉͗̎̑̈̌̾͒͑̏͒͒͒͒͋͋̈͛̎͑̐̈̐̓̓̔̋̑́̇͐͗̒̕̚͘͘̕͘̕͘̚̕̚̚͘͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͠͝͝͝͝͝͠͠͝͝͝͝ͅͅͅų̶̨̡̢̩̹͙̘̠̩͈͉͉͔̙͉̤͓͉̥̫̦̗̠̮̝̠̥̳̲͚͔̘̙̮̱̖̮̮͇͖̞̘͎̳̦̻̱̹̤̫̻̪̯͉͉̂̽͑̄́̾̏̃̎̐͒͆̆̀͗̏̀́͑́̇̉͗̔̈͌̀̉̈́̿͂̊́̍̽͂͌̈́̌̐̿̐̎̃̒͑̾̿̽̿̒̇͂͊͂̉̊̓͌͌͒͂͐̔̍̊͋͌̃͋͂̂̄͊̓̌͒̇͆̍̏̃̐͋͆̓̿̌̑̐̐͆̃͐̌̏͐̈̈̿̑̋͛͑̄́̀̃͌͛͋̑̇̋̔̇͋̀̅̽͋̂̒͌͊̏͋́̽̌̐̀̋͂̎͒̓̅͊̽̋͛̅̃͂͋̋̊̚͘̕̚̚̚͘̕̕̚͜͝͝͝͝͠͝͠͠͠͠͠͠͠͝͝͝ͅģ̶̡̨̧̛̛̞̹̩̮̺̱͓̠̯̺̹̫̖̺̣̭̰̙͖͕̼͎̜̬̻͖̖̱̥͉͔͓͓̣̬͙̩̙̣̭̪̫̜̠̫͚̞̠̩̥̱̩͓͇̗̮̬̮̞̤̞̳̉̔͂̋̆̾̂͛́̎͒̓́̾̽̽̎͑̀̃̈́̂̀͑̽̀̏͋̇͆́̏̃́̓͌͆͆̂̈͒̌͒̈́̃̓͂̀͌͑̑͋̾͒̌̿́̉̅̈̉̂̓͑͂̅̏̇̏̓̔̐̄̇̊̿̿̒̍̔̆̐̂̏̀͂̚̚̕̚̚̚͜͜͝͝͝͠͠͝͝͝͝ͅͅã̴̡̡̢̛̛̛̛̝̮̻̮̱͕̳̠͉̼̫͖̲̼̫̼̹̟̖̗͙̻͙͎̩̘̬͔̥̻̮̲̖͙̭̤̳̠̬͈̝̗̼͕̖̻̜̭͔̪̜̪͖̦̳̫̤̜̝͈͍͙͈̘̘̬̙̰͕̞̦͗̄͐͆̀̈́̅̑͛̅̋́̌̀̓͒̀̑̋͑̑̓͆̾̄̿͌͒̾̒͊̊̈̈́̎̒̿͋̀̊͋͒́͐͊̓̋͒̀̎̐̔̾͋̃̋͑̍̐̽͋͊͊̄͛̅͊͋̄͂̐͑̽̋̐͛̏̇̂́̋̃͆̂͌̚͘̚͘͘̕͘͘̕͘͜͠͝͠͝͝͠͝ͅa̸̢̡̨̨̢̢̡̡̡̢̛̛̛̛̛̤̝͍̺̟͖͓̟̹̥̦̣̼̗̰̝͇̜͚̫͕̠̰̯̞͕͖̜͖͚̼̦͚͎͕̰̥̤̦͙̪̩̳̹̣͙͎̭̰̲̦̦̫̦̻̬͕̱̬̺̪̪͖͎̜̬̯͎̣̮̪̣̖͕̟̼̫̲̥͙̺͉̭͙̙̼̭̟̠̰̱̹͇̍̌̄̔̑͋͐̏͑̐̉̈́̍̀́͋̎͐̑̾̓̀͂̅̂͐̑̆͌̈́̂͊̐͋́̋̌̔̍̒̿̋̀̀̒̊͋̉̌̅̏̌͑́͂̍̎̑͆̾͌̇͛̔̽̿̌͌͒̇͐̔͛̇́̓͊̄̐̐̐̈̃͛̋̋͐̄͐͗͌͛̒̑͂̒͆̓̐̈͑̐͛̽͛̋͒͐̍̋̉͛̂̑̽̾̉͆̾̎́̑̍͒̾͊̐͗̂̿͋̋̑̊̕̚̚̚͘̚͘̕̕̕̕͜͜͝͝͠͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͝ͅ ̵̨̧̡̛̣̝̻̳̬̖͙̖̦̺̖͕͇̣̞̲̯̦͕̯̮̘̬̜͙̜̥͕̪̭̟̝̹͕͕̫͔͎̭̤͚̙̼̮͈͉̖͍̙̠͈̥̖̙̝̖͍̞̩̠̤͈̯̝̟͕͕̟̞̮̼͎͖͓̤͍̹̖̗̫̰̗̤͔̺̯̻̻̓͂͗͑̏̈̐͒̃̿̎̅̿̅̏̎̓́͑̿̉̂́̓̀̃͂̒͌́͊̂̈́̾̋͋̿̂̀̋̽̂̓͊̆̐̇̅̄͑͑̾̒̒͋̍̊̏͑̄́̇͒̕̚͘̚͘͜͝͠͝͝ͅͅͅḑ̷̢̨̡̧̢̢̡̡̨̢̡̡̧̡̡̧̡̧̨̡̧̡̨̡̧̛̛̰͇̜̫̖̥̝̜͓̪̜͓̣͖̲͉̖͚̗̫̤̣̫͍̝̩̟̳̠͕̗͉͙̟͚̮̭̺̘̮̤̹͖͙̟̘͖̹̼̠͈͓̙͚͙͔̙͓͇̘̻̺̜̦̖͖̤̝͕͇̝̬͚͖̭̫͎̱͈͈̠͚̼̻͈̟̳̹̲̳̥̣̤̻̥̭͕͇̖̼͇̳̭͕̭̠͔̰̼̳̗͓̦͔͍̺̞͈͚͔̱̪̘͎͎̖͓͓̱͍̜̪̭̣̫̲͔̤̜̯͕̻̟̗̻̞̱͚͔̱̤̫̠͇̩̗͎͉͓̮͍̹͕͎̫̭̹͓͇̯̱̫̙̹̪͚͉̱͚͕͕͕͙̪̰̬͎̝͙̭͇̼̺̱̟̤͙̱͎̩͔̹̩̱̪̹̮̹̻̻͈̭͈̎̀̽͋̃̎̂̉̔̓̔́̾̐͂̈͒͊̔́̌̄̅͊́͌̌́̄́̾̋͌͐̀̍́́̔̑̓͑̆̄͊̊͘̕̕̚̕͘͘̕̚͜͜͜͝͝͝͝͝ͅͅͅͅḓ̶̨̨̨̧̨̛̛̛̛̛͖̠̜̠̲̱̬͙̼̻̻̥̝̲̼̘̳̭̥̼͉̻̟͙͖̱̙̫̞͔̹͓͙͇͈̻̣̯̲̮̰̩̥̪̫̬͕̗̣̘͎̰͚̝̪̯̱͕̙̖͇͔̩̼̱̹̼̬̖̟͖͙̃͒̂͒́̓̇̌̽̎̓̉̔͆̐͌͂̉̍̊͑̃́̀̂́̾̈́̓̓̆͒̈́̇̇͆̊́̌̅͒̎̂̄͗̽̿̌͋̽̊̍̍̂̑͑̏̂̔̔̐͒͛̽͛͑͑̌̌̒̄͋̀͂̀̈̽̽̎̋͌͒̒̍̊̆͒̃͋̂̂͌̂̈̏͐́̐͒̾͌̔́͛̅̉̿̅̀̊̄̈̉̑͒̋̉̍̀̄̽͂̀͆͗̄̾̾͋̏͒̉̑͊͆̃͒͒͊̔͒́͆͗̀̏̍͌̒̈͊̍͌̈͐͆̓̌̊̿̆̿̎̋̌͑͌̌́̍̀͊̽͆͊̐̌͋͛͋̅̀̐͐̽̾͊̐̎͂̇̾͗͑̔̄̒̌̍̎͘̕̚̕͘̕̚̕͘͘̚͘̕̚̚͜͝͝͝͠͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͝ͅ ̶̢̧̨̡̡̧̨̢̡̡̡̧̡̢̨̨̡̡̡̨̢̡̡̢̛̛̙̳͎͉̠͚͍͈͙̮̼̥̣͓̭̤̤̤̗̗͎̳̱̩͙͖̖͚̰̭̱̖̮͕̪̤̠͓͈̹̭̬̲̹͉̘͈̜̮̫̟͇̮͖͉͖̝͙̗̗̭̯̟͍̖͕͓̙̟̩͖̮͇̙̼̜̩̮̥͖̭̯͓͚̻̠͈̫͍̻͚̳̩̳̠̤̞̫̝̳͙̤̥̺̫̗̠̣͚̲͚̮̠̘͖̺͓͔͉̱̻̖̲̞͍͙̳͉̭̜̺͔̰̼͚͉̹̝͇̞͙̭͎̯̲̝͍̦͉̮̥̤̱̲̫̪̜̹͙̤̠͚͍͙̼̼̬̠͓͍̙̗̩̟͖͖͕͎͎̰̹͎̲̿̋͒͂̐͊̎̓̂̑̾́̓́̓͒̈́̃̏͐̍̓͑͗͑̽̒͗̃̂̉̊̈́̓̎̆̈̈͌̄̽̿̉̈̌̊͊̈͗̋̅̔͐̓͒̒̉̽̆̿̉̂̈̇̑̄͛͂͆̇̎͒̐̄̐̾̾͂̿̓̔̐̎̈̒̂͌͂͑̇̔͐̎͂̆͌̋̿̆̎̈̇̄͐̅̋̄̌͆̊͐͑̄͆́̓̓̾͗̉̑̋̈̃̆̏̏̐͛̑̒̊̅̓̔͗̎̊̌̽̾̎͆̏͛̕̕̕͘̚̚̚͘̕̕̕̕͘͘͜͜͜͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͠͠͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͠͝ͅͅͅͅŕ̶̡̡̡̢̨̧̧̡̛͖̯͍͚̰͓͇̣̱͓̥̳̳̯̖̯̪̗̼͙͕̯͚͍̙͈͇̼̯̝͉̟͚̤̺̰̪̺̱̞̱̪͕̦̭̣͔̰̻͚͙̤̠͎̲̱̣̙̦͚̠̩͔̫̮͙̝̳̺̺̳̖̠͖̼̤̘̹̲̟̭̤͉̟͎͓̞̯̟͚̳̠̝͖͍̙̤̳͉̖͓͚̰͔̜͖̳̠̤̲̞̞̰͔̻͍͉͖̼͖̱͉̣̻͚̩͓͎͎̪̻͈̰̰̳̙͖̞̙̝̟̣̤̳̜̝̱͔̠̫̟̅̀̀͊͊͂͊̐͌̾̑́́̽̆͑͑̋͒̇͂̾̀̉͑̇̃̿́͛͌̀̽̑͑́͂́͆̎̈̋͛́̋̑̇̽̋͗̔̃͌͗͗̑̊͌̇̅͊̐͋̿͊̎̍̋̏̋̌̈͑͛͂̃͛͐̈͐̀͛̄̀̃̏̌̅̆̐̃̓͂̅̈̏̄̑̐͌̔̈̉͑̑͊̂͛͆̓̔͌̈̅̌͗̓͐̌͛̌̔̀̔̽͑͛̅̽̓͋̉̚̚̕̕̚̕̕͘̚̚̕̕͜͜͜͜͜͠͝͠͝͝͝͠͝͠͝͝͠ͅͅ8̶̢̧̨̨͙̱̟͚̫͕̮̫̘͚̝͙̫͇̖̲͔̺̠̗͈̬͉͍̱͔̠̣̪̳͉̬̣̗̘̠̤͇͔̯̣̼͇̼̻̱̣̜̜̼̮̻̲̙̲̲̞̗̞̯̃̋̈́͗͛͋̃̏̉̋̎̾̾̆̂̍̎̂́͂͐͂̈́̎͗̒͂̎̒̾̃̿̎̓̓̕͜͝͠͝͠ͅͅ8̵̡̛̛̛̛̛̛̭̺̜̫̙͇͙͕͉̗͈͎̣̥̟̻̺͔̤̬̓̽̌͑͋̂̒̿͑̿̃̌̾̍̂̃́̇̌̎̀̔̏̈̓͋́͆̋̈́͐̇͑́̾̽̌̾͛̓̂͊͋̾̃̄̓̐͂̿̒̂̊̑͋̀͒̆̾̒͑̀̍̒͋͊̔̃̅͐͒̉̊͒̊̊͒̍̂͑͗̄̐̄̾͊̏͊͌͗̊͗̊͛͆̑͑̐̊̉̌̆̏̽͛̐͆͑̆̑̈̑̾͋͋͂̃̇̆͆̊̀͐̄̿̆̓̃͆͆̾͐̌̎͛̅̓̂̎̅̀̍̄̽͐̿̒̐͌̐̾͐̿̋͌̉͊̌̈̒̄͗̆̈̊̒̇͂̌̈̉̏̐͐͒̍̂̄̊͗̿̆͒͋͐͛͋͋̆́̉̉̍͌̑͘̚̕͘͘̕̕̕̚͘̕̕͘̚̚͘̕͘͘̚͘͘̕̚̚͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠ ̴̧̛̛̛̛̛̛͉̳̥̗͓̣̝̘͈̀̒̊̏̏̀̓̃̑̐̎́̊̆̋̎̓̀̍̐̀̔͛̊͗̏́͑̈́̊̉́̓̐̎͌̈́̅͛͑͆̾̏̈́̓̑̅̎̉̊̈̀̎̋̿̏̋̆͆͆̑͋̆̏̋̿̓̓̂̒̐́̀̈̍̋̎̐͐͐̋̽̄͐͂̒̓͛̀͐͑̂͛̌̆̌̊̐͛̎̂̅͂̒͑̊̿̊̅̾̋̎̅́̌̒́̋̋͛͊̉̅̓͌̂̈̎͐͋̌̈̍͊̊̒̽̔͗͐̍̆̊̽̎͒̓̍̍͆͗͛̊͂͛͋͛̈̈̅͂̊͌͊̊͐͌͛̃̑̋̋̋̐̎͘̚͘̕̚͘̕̕͘̕̚͘̕̕̚͝͝͝͠͠͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͠8̶̨̧̢̢̢̢̡̢̡̢̧̨̧̨̨̛̛̛̜͉̺͔̼̗̞̞̺͉̫̠̖̜̟̮̠̥̗̣̥̙͓͕͖̤̯̲̻̫̮͖͖̮̜̪̖̣̙̥̮͓̬̣͕̝̰͇͕̫̹͙̹̪͕̰̙̱̺̣̝̥͖̠̯̩̮̥̭̰̘̣̙͉̟̣̩̻͎͇̱͚̠̤͍̬̣̳̹̮̰̺̗̬̬̠̤̟̦͙͙͓̝͎̫͙̱̣̳̦̮̞̺̝̟̫̻̞̙͙̠̯͕̥̭̰͖͈͖̻̝̲̗͔̖̳̪̜̲̱̺̯͙̠̖̞̮̖̣͍͓̭͌̿́̄̓̄̅̉͑̀̀̃̓̌́̍̎̈́͑̄̍͗͐́̄̌͋̏̆̃̿̒̂̿̽̀́̓͊̊̾̉͋̽̽̃̐̉̓̀̐̄͌̽͒̀͑͆͊͂͑͛̉̆̒̍̏̐͑͆̌̌̽̓̌́̈́̓̌̒̑̇͊̂̍̊̽̃̔̉̏̋̊́̎͒̾͒̅̃̊͛͗͋̆̅̕͘̕͘͘̚͘͜͜͜͜͝͠͝͝͠͠͝͠͠͠͝͠͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅt̸̢̧̨̨̢̧̨̧̧̨̧̧̡̡̢̧̢̡̛̛̛̛̛̛̜̘̣̱̩͉͉̞͇̯̳̮͙͙̣͈̠̗̰̥̹̩͖͍̣͈̗̦̬̠̭̳͉̘͙̩̲͓͇͇̥͙̣͎̫̮̰̫̻̹̦͔̯̭͈̼̖͉̤̥̙̪̖̥̪̼̮͓͎̱̥̗͍̣̞̱̮̫̟̭͇̱̲̭̝̰͍̭̱̣̺̣̣̺̙̠̜̬̮̖̬͖̮̫̻̝̱̖̮̜̗̯͔͔̮͕̺̞͔͙̺͓͎̖͖̖̬̩͖̤̖̜͈͕̮̲̼̳͇̮̙̬͙̮̣̲̟̹͖͈̯̠̻̝̻͉̦͙̳͔̘̮̗̺͉͈͉̰͙͈͇̜͍̱̻͙͓̩̪͓̗̙̙̮̣̺̳̗̺͔̘͉̮̻͇̹̲̙̭̱̯̹̪̠̜̦͚̬̞͙̲̪͈̱̪͍͈̟͎̮͈̦̮͓̯̬̖̖͇̩̥̮̝̥̮̹͔̬͇̱͈̠̖̯̮̳͈̤̼͎͇͉̯̪̪̊͗͒̿͂̅̈́́̀̃̈́͂͒̿̐̆̎͋̽̎͂͗̎̎͂͊̄͐͗͆̋̊̃͗̓̌̾̍̓̾͐͆̾͑͐̇̆̆̌̍̅̃̋̏̿̽̆̐̀̔̑̔̓͐̇̄̽̈̾̍̔̏͐̌̔͛͂̔̈͂̃̄͐͐̂̾͐̅͆̽̇͋͐̎̆̆͐́̽̐͒̾̿͋̏̓̄̊̀̍͊͌̍̆͗̍̑͊̇́̑́͊̈̂͑̓̏̾̌̉̔̏͆̂̄̉̀̏̅̒͊̋̆̇͆̒̍̾͆̃̄̽̾̓̐͋͊͐̅͑̌̃̀̋͛͌̍̔̃̏̏̍͊̅͛͆͊̂̈́͊͋̂̎̐̐͐̊̊͒̄̈̊̇̌̅͋͗́̇͌̆̿̒͂͆̌̋̆͋͒̅͑̂͆̊͘̕̚̚͘̕̚̕͘͘̚͘̕͘̕̕͘̚͘͘̚͘̚̚͘͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͠͠ͅͅͅͅģ̷̧̢̧̧̧̢̢̢̨̢̧̧̛̛̛̛̛̤̟̞̫̠̩̣̖̥̹͔̼̝͇͕̺̭̬̝̠͔͓̟̬͇̮̟̰̠̩̫̺̺̖̼̠̯͇̳̹̰̤̝̻̺̱͖͓̳͍͔͕̟͉̟̦͉̤͎̰̲̳̳̟͕̗͕͔̻͈̯̟̟̗͇̯̜͖̝̺̲̟̬͙̬̯̠̪̠̱͉̭͉͙̯͈̱̰͍͓͍̮̞̟͍̥̦̭̙̲̲̐̀̋̾͗͛́̇̍͐̄̈̽̅̓͂̿̈́̂̋̽̿͛͌͌̈̀̐̆͗̈́̆̉̒̃̀̿̐̆̀̄̽̓͐̃̏͐̀̓̏̅͒͛̿̀̑̉̑̇͐͛̈̊̊̿͗̉͗̒͆̐̋̔̒̔̀́͌́͐͆̿̔͂̋͌̑̑̓̅̾̂͌̋̋͒̀̉̏̅̆͊̑̅͋̇͐͐͐̿̌̈̆̅̔̔͆̆̓̋̾̋̈̐̄͂̍͆̇͒̿͛̎̇̌̆̂͋̀͑͂̔̀̄̓̋̓̐̽͌̽̔̒̽̒͒̉́̒͋͊̽̅̒̇̊͊̏͋̅̑̌̉̐̂̄̑̃̈̌̂̇̒̉̾̃̓̏͑͋̔̽̑͑͌̽͊̉̀̃̋̔̅̆͑̊̌̃̚̚̚͘͘̚͘̕͘͘͘͘̚̕͘̚͜͜͜͠͠͠͝͝͝͝͠͠͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝ͅͅͅͅự̸̡̧̢̢̧̡̨̢̢̢̧̡̡̡̢̨̢̢̨̡̡̧̡̧̢̢̡̧̛̛̛̛̛̙̗͍͇̹̗̗̬̯̟̪͎̬͍͇͓̺̭̭̳̯̱̯̞̠̻̝͇̗̞̖̟͕̺̦̰͔͎͔̪̭̣͚̝͍̫͉̘̘͍͎̱̮̹͚͉̗̪̮͖̝͕͓̳̺̼̥̩̥̰̳̺̲͈͉̥͎͕͉̠͕͓̞̬̲̱͕̫̜͉̥̰̗͚̠̘̤̺̗̜̼̙͉̬̪̦̫̟͎̣̣̩͚̫͓̣̼̱̙̘̣̻̲͖̼̰̖͔̫̯̞̝̖̦͍͍̖͍̩̫̪̪̥̭͈̰̲̭͈̣͓̬̦̦̪̬͙̣͚̘̯͈̣̥͎̻̣̲͓̝̼̠̰͔̞̗̟̗̬̱̘͚̟̳̥̥͙̳̪̰̜̹̠̥̙̟͈̼̥͈̣̜̘͔̬͖͙̗̖̤͉̼͕̩͇̭͔̜͈̦͕̦̖͈̘̦͈͖͓̲̙̰̣̙̈́̽́̊͋̈́͋̽̈́̄͌̔̇͐̓̿̇̆̑̈͛͊̽̉̌̓͊̉͛̔͆̆̌̓̉̀̆͋̐̊̀̽͂̊͛̀̋̓̏̐͆̊̅͐͊̒͒̈̑̅̊̊̈̅̎͌͒̌̃̊̇͆͋̑̈̄̔͂̆͌̿̉̎̅͒̑̋͛͊̆̌͆̋́̆̎͑͒̇̿͊͂̉̍͗̋͆̆͐̉̉̎͋̽͆̑͛̒̄͑̄̄̏̎͌̅̓͐͒͐͆̑̇͊͐͗̂͒̓̅̌̒̎̒́̌̋̋̾̎͗͋̎͊̏͂͂͒̅͐̽͂̎͐͐͗̂̾̐͂̇̐͂̀̆̆͛͂̐̔̇̎͂̄̿͐͆̃̆̋̐̆̓͗͘̚̕̚͘̕̕̕̚̕͘̕̕̕̚͘͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͠͝͠͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͠͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅǧ̷̨̧̢̛̞̺̫̹͍̮̰̣̪̖͔̻̥͍̠̥̱̤̲̰̪̳͖̺͇̯̝͖̼̞̖̺̥̻̥̠̃̃̄̒̓̆̔̐́͐̃̓̍̍́͆͋͋̿̇̏̀̃͛̋͑̈́̈̈́̉̆̈́̽̌̃͗̾̅̆̇̾̈́͘͘̚͜͠͝͠͝͝͝͝a̵̡̧̨̨̡̨̧̧̡̡̢̢̡̛̛̼̺̤̯͉̳̞̘̣̝̲̥͇͇̬̠̲̹̥̝̰͉͔̖̝̣͎̘̜̯̣͉̮̣͔̩̬̝͔̤̲̪͙̝͖̮̗̦̟̦̟̩̭̜͉̲̟̯̠̦̺͕͉̞̠̼͎̳̜̬̗̠͖̱̗͙̺͔͙̮̣̗̯͚̻̳̯͔̱̼͖͇̯̬͕͚̰̪͚̪̤̖̩̹̖͙̦̪̺͔̰̠̩̤̞̬̮͔̘̺̗͔̩͇̬͉̪͍̲̞͎̮̘̻͓̠̭̓̓͋̉̓͑̒͊̀̇̂̓̉̀̊̄́̏͑͑̄̀̈́͒̉̂̇̓͋̎̓͆̉̓̀̔̂̔̈̂̌̊͌̅͗̄́͛͐̒͌̐͒̒̌̏͛̆̂̈̏̃̃͛̀͑͗̀͒͒̂̈̕̚̚̚͜͜͜͜͜͠͠͝͝͝ͅͅͅa̶̢̡̨̧̡̨̡̧̢̢̡̨̡̢̢̢̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̰̹̙̥̠̖͍̩͔͚̘̳͉̺̣̗̖̫̮̬̦̼̹̹̟̬̫̘̯̫̖̭͈͙̙͉͇̗̞̥͎̦̝͔̭̺̟̭̦͍͎̗͔̳͚͖̲̼̞̜̬̩̠͇̗̠͈̳̼͎͇̥̣̟̳̗͉̼͓̩͇͓̪̹̬̘͈͚̙̜̠͓͈̠̜̯̙̳͕̮̳̟̠͖͇̪̲̟͙̟̭̻͈̗̥̮͖̹͓̪̗̩̎̅͊̉̂͆̊͗͑̀́͒͊͗̀̑̄̑̔̏̎̂̌́̐͗̏̽̎̋́̾̓̄̐̇͂̄͌́́͛͛̍͊͛̀̈́͆̋͐̌͋͑̍̅̌̿̿̾̊͊̓̒̔͑̍͌̀̀̾͐͛͗̄͗̒͊̾̓̓̇̄̓̓̔̑̊̃͌̈̂̃̋̈͑̓̊̂͊͑̒͛͗̅̃̃̈́͒̇͛̾́̔͂͛͑̓̃̀̌̊̾͋̐͐̀̆͊͐̿̀̿͗̄̎͑̅͌̿͋͊̒̓̍̿̐̿̊̓̎̚̕̚͘͘̕̕̚̚͘̕͘̚̚͘̕̚̚̚̕̕̕͜͜͜͜͠͠͝͠͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͠͝͠ͅͅ ̷̛̛̹͇̣̫̱͓̊͆̀͋͗̃̋̓́̌͌̈́́̽̽̓̍́̋̋̍͋̈̾̓̆̑̍̀̽̊̇̾̄̅̑̍̆͛͑̀̅͛̆̋̄́͂̏̉̋̂͌̏͛̽̂́̃̒͂͌̽̾͊́̌͌́͑̔̒͛͆͆͋̅͒̒̓̅̉̊̽̏͂͆̔̄̀̄͗̌̀̎̑͌̿͊̊̉̌͊̏̍̅͊͑͑̂̍͗̍̅̔̌͗͒̎̈̾̋͊̃̓̔̐̐̋͌̒̐̃̌̑̉̐̋̃̇̐̓̽̒̿̒̊̓̂̋͌͌̍͐͑͐͛́͒͌̒̊̍̉͐̎͂̇͒͑͂̇͌͒̅̅͌̓̉̃̒̔̃̅͐̏̂̎̓̆̿́̄́̃̊͂̂͒͆̒͂͆̋̓̇͛̅͒͆̑̕̚͘̚̕̕̚͘͘̚͘̚̚͘̕̕̚̕̚̕͘̕̚̚̕͜͜͝͝͠͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͠͝͝͝d̷̢̨̧̢̨̨̡̢̨̢̡̡̨̧̨̧̧̢̢̡̨̧̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̘͎͚͍͍̜͈̠͕̼̜͚͙̳̼̯͖̣̳̤̤̝̹̤͈̠̭̬̦̟̮̖͖̩̳̰̲͓͍̻͎̫͍̥͔̱̟̞͙͙̪̲̫̞̦͚̝̠͓̟̖̥͎͚̜͖̭͈̦͚͚̮͙̬̭̫̞̖̫̜͉̹͈̼͕̙͍̰̝̝̬̯̫̪̰̝̹̺͇̯̦̭͚̻̭̞͖͙̪̜̱̥̞̰̻̗͚̭̘̩̣̻̹͖̻̻̗̥͙͉̪̰̼̖̜̻̲̼̣͚̣̘͍̟̭̱̩̺͎̫̠̳̲̬̞̩͓̼̝̦̰̺͇̞̤̺̪̜̭̪̖̝̼͓̖̹͕̹͔̳̮͎̟͔̙̝̺̲̼͓̖͚̠͔̖̳͛̅̀́̈́͒͐̀̿͛̄͑͒̂̄̃̑̉͋́͒̈́͌̎̒͂͆͑̋̈̏͐̈́͂̎͗̽͌̿̀̀̔͗́̾͌̊̑̑̏̍̇̀̍͊̀͛͂̑͊͑̇̿̃̿̾̋̌̏̌̾͌̑̉̆̉̅́͐̊̄̽̍͗̉̂̋̄͋͊́̏̋̋̓̑̒͂͊̓͊͒͛̐̎̅̅͑̈͋̅̃̂͒̀͒̆̉͐̿́̑́͋̆͑̉̌̽̈̚̕͘̚̚̚̕͘͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠ͅͅd̵̡̡̢̢̧̢̨̨̢̢̡̨̡̢̨̨̧̢̧̡̢̧̧̛̛̛̗̖͖̥͎͕͈̙̮̮͕̥͖̳͍̪̜̙̞̼̟̞͕͓̙̲͙͓͎̱͉͙͙̫̟͖͔̦̭͎͍̣̖̯͉͇̗͉̲͔͍̦̪̺̥̖̺̠̬̞̣̣̦͎̼̲̞͔̳̗̱̰̳̟̝̭̗͎͍̦̜͕͔̩̤̦͓͓͔̬͇̮̦̼̠͙̗̺̳̘̬̠̪͔̻̪̤͍̖̺͕̺̖͖͖̠̼̣̰̖͍̜̱̻̳͎̼̖̼̠̯̳̹͓̼̺̦͕̞̮̫̼͍̩͎̣̠͍̫̬̙̘̺̘̪̦͈͈͔̼̠̥̤͙̞̠͇̗̣̳̠͕̝̞͈̘̻̟͙̫͕͓̺̰̟̹̺̼̪̳̥̠̱̝̯̦͔͕̪͎̰̗̬͈̖̣̞̪̘͖̻̹̗̪̭͉̳͔̱̠͗͗̓̾̓̒̓̔̈́̓̔̓̽̃̾̿̀͛̇̂̀͗͐̿̀͌̋̊̈́̇̏̿̅̈́̈̔̄͗̎̅̽̎͂̊̊̈͊̈͒̑̋͛̒͗̅̔́̽͋͘̚̕̚̚̕̚͜͜͜͠͠͝͝͠͠͠ͅͅͅͅͅ ̵̛͈̼̜͔̘̮͚͙̤̠̭͑̅̇̂̏̈́̆̇̌́͋̋̾͗̆̉̌͋͒̃̒͋̇̍̃͊͊̄̄̚̕̕͘͝͝͠͠͠r̶̡̡̧̨̡̧̨̡̢̢̢̨̡̧̡̢̨̨̡̡̡̛̛̛̙̥̤̺͇̣̼̳̳͎̻̼͎̬͉̻̥̳͈͍̞̩͔͖̳̦̲̖̯̻̭͕͈̮͙̖̣͈̣͈̠̦̟͍͎̤̱̥̭̝͍̜̦̟͉̺̲̰̱̭̳̠̖̯̖̣̦͎̳͚̬̱̟̭̬͎̞̮̮̖̘̮̞̪̜̫̘̪̝̙͉̖̞͎͉̙͍̺̬̲̫͉̠͉̣̭͔̹̰̗͎̫̣̘͕̟̦̰̥͕̪̘̪̰̙̯͔̼̻̬̮̬̩͕̗̦̤̺͈̞̩̲̱̫͓̯͎͈̳̥͈̣͖̥̬͈͓̮̼͉̪̘̹̫͙̗̲͔̫̹͓͇̲̜͖̱͇̱͖̝̰̜̠̥̟̦̯͚̘̝̤̩͖͉̜̯͚̥͙̰͍͖̯̗̙͚͚̯̪͍̥̲̳͎̞̞̹̹̖͕̬̝̆͋̈́̅͌͐͑̀̏̿̽̈̆̌̈́͒́͋̏̄̀̿̉̀̐̍̑̓̉́̇͐͒̈́̌̌̈́͌̅͒̓̆̇̎͛̅͊̀̇̽̊̎́̅̎̀̄͐͗̂̂͌̈̐̀̉̍͐̎̿͌̿̍̏̎͋̎͌̂̏̍̆͑̽̈͐̉̃̒̊̊͑͑̋̑͗͒͑̋̈̋́͌͛̄̉̔͐̿̏͒̂̋͗̐̋̊͗̈͆̒̚͘̚̚̚͘͘̕̚͘̚̕̕͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅ8̷̡̢̢̡̡̢̡̢̢̢̧̡̢̡̢̧̨̡̨̛̛̛̛̛̛̟̫͇͇̮̲̙̘͚̳̺̲̗̟̫̻̟̪͇̬̘̪̖̙̗͔̟̘̲̳͎̘̺͇̲̤͓̬͔͖̩̳̙͙̞͖̝͈̼̯͎̣̤͇̹̬̲͖̟̜͕̻̙̭͎͈̟̦̘̦̦̟̺̯̝̺̹̘̲̦̗̦̩̰͓̜̲̮͖̫̘̥͍̠̙̦͔̯̩̤̬̳̘͍͓͓̳̭͖͉͉̙̻̥̭͇̲̭̗̪̮̫̩̖̬̻͓͖̠̟͈̥͖̺͔͖̦̻̫̥͈͇̩̙̩̖͉̙̳̣͉̲̗̻͈͖̱̰̘̻͖͉̼̜̀̓̔̿̏̓̐̋̎̅̈́͐̿̀̌̈́́̀̍͆͑̌͌͑̓͑͋́̒̎́̍͑̑̓̀̈́̊͆̓̆̈́̒̽͐̅̍̀͗̒̓̌̔͌͊̄̐͌͂̌̔̽̾͊͂͐͆̐͌͐͗͐̉̅̆͒͛̂̂͂͐̃̃̉̿̂̋͊̈̍͌̋͑͌͆̊͗̔̔͗̋̂͌̄̉͋̈̇̅̑̋͊̔̑̓͐̋͗̊̾̆̆̽̒̿̐͆̀̉͒̾̕͘̕͘͘͘̚̕̚̚̕͜͜͝͝͝͠͠͝͠͝ͅͅͅͅͅ8̴̢̧̢̡̢̛̛̛̛̛͎͈͈̼̙̞̺̹͈̤͓̖̻̹̘̺̳̩͉͈̫͓̺̘̙͓͖̖̜̤̃̓̾̑̓̎̒̑̆̂͆̓̉̀̿̓̓̋̔͌͂́́̎̐̐̄̑̒͋̌̌̓̈̑̏̈̑̽̌̃̈́̀̈̑͋̿͆͌̈̂̂̃͂͛̂̈̂̃͛̾͂͒̀̾̿̽̓̎̀̔̆̇̾͑̂̈̍̑̽̊̃̃͗̆̎̾͛͗͋̀͊̿̒̏͐̐̽̒̈̀̄̓̑̋̔̀͛̓̇̌͗̄͐͂̇̽͊̄̊͘̕̕͘͘͘͘͘̚̕̚̚͘̕̚͜͝͝͝͠͝ͅ ̴̨̡̨̡̡̧̢̢̢̧̨̢̢̡̢̢̢̛̛̛͇͖̼̱̯̫̰͇̝͖͖̯̱̫̱̙̲̘̹̹̣̠̫͕͕̯̗̣̟͖͇̮͍̖͓̼̥̹̪̙̭̗̲͍̳͎͓̝̤͖̱͕̞͎̥͍͓͈̫͍͚̤͔͇͕͙̝̼̫͕̦̳͉͚̝͉͚͕̱̼̦͉͉̮̖̞̹͎̹̮͖͔͓̙͉̰͚͙̤̳̼̞̠͍̬̠͈̬̦͎̼̹̤̺̠̙̮̳̩̯͖̘̹̮̻͙̖̖̩͉̠̲̱̀̿̾̀̄̑͛̏̒͐̇͛̄͑͂̓̌̌́̇̀̔͗̏́͗͂̈́̂̔̃̈́̐̽͗͂̾͌̓̓̃͒͆͊͒͆̌̋̾̋͛́̽͒̂̏̂̅̃̾̑͗̊̏̇̍̿̅͆̀̇͑̐͌͑̆̿̊̀̏̆̎̐̽̐̾̉̊̃͌̍͋͑̏͒͒̊͒̓͐͊̈̾̌͐̇̾̀̍̐̅̋̋̓̿͒̈̔̐̒̎̒̋̓̍̂̂̓̿̑̾̉͌̀͐͆̿̾͋̾̒͐̃̅̂̂̏͒̃̾͛̆̽̾̃̃̂̃̌̆́̑͒̓̑̅̊̌̍͐̂̽͋͌̐̂̒͋̾̑̈̚͘͘̚̕̕̕̚̚̚͝͠͠͠͠͠͝͠͠͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅ8̷̧̧̨̡̧̢̢̡̛͙̹̫̻͕̦̼̲̯̼͍̫̺̮̮̮͉͉̼͓̺͖͕͍̹̱͕͍̖͕͈͔̤͕͈̦̺̭̳͎̻̻̥͙̭͍̳̲̤̦̫͕̺̪̟̫̪̬̙̖͕̱͔̹̻͕̠̬̻̦̲̥̱̹͉̫͖̥͈̤͚̥͕͉͔̱̠̪͚̦͈̟̬͇̮̤̤̠̜͚̟̞̞̞͖̗̹̪͓͇͉̩̠̰̼̻̦̻̥̜̟͓̝̠͈̥͉̹̙̯͓̹̝̤̬̙̺̜̼̜̭͇̜̪̥̰̯͍̟̜͈͈͎̦͉̘͇͍̬͚͓̟̪̺̾̋̈̿̐͒͛̐̓͌͊̐̉̂̈́͐͊̀͛̍̉͋̒̊̆̅̈́̋̅̍̑̍̈̔̂̔̉́̏͊͆̒̈́͐͗̾̒͒̕͘͘̚͘̚͘͜͜͜͜͠͠͝͝͝͝͝͝ͅͅͅţ̵̨̧̡̢̢̧̨̭̮̥̟̼̠̜͍̤̟̣̣͓̰̟͔̩̼̙̘̘͈̜̝͎̰̭͍̘̦̪̰̰̮͖͇̹̦̭̞͕̩̳̹̥͖͚̣͔͉͇͈͇͍̖͔̙̪͎͖̤̥̰̜̥̰͈͕̪͚͍̩̪̺̝͖̺͉̮̥͙̮͈͈̖̫͓̣͙͙̯̗̭̣͍͚̹̤̼̼̜͓̩͎͙̦̭̗̞̭̘͇͍̺͚̮̘̖̱̗̆̔̾́̆͛͂̋̑̑̂͆́͂̈͑̾̅̆̕͜͜͜g̶̡̨̧̢̧̧̡̧̨̨̧̢̧̨̡̡̨̨̨̢̨̢̧̨̨̢̨̧̨̨̨̛̛̛̛̛̛̺̲͚͙̘̝̠͕̝̞̺̺̬͎̺͍̺̠̼͕̬̘̜̻̘͓̣͓̪̪̟̪̻͕͙͖̜̝̩͚̹̮̠̳͎̥͔̜̣̝͈̯̼̩̮̥̹̥͍͓̭͇̜̱͎̙̹̤͕̺͚̬̪̞̭͙̗͓͓͕̰̟͙͉͎̪̖͈̥͔͓͔̖̞̘͎̻̘͓̳̲̪͇̬̜̯̱͉̯̖͇̲̦͉̯̼̱̝͚̣̱̣͕̭̲͎͕͍̜̖̬͈̦͓̰̝̖̰̫̝̲̯͚͈̜̳̭͖̩̤̦͍̬͔̫̩̞̣͖̳͉̟̠̤̗̭̳̖̤̫̜̦͉͉̝̱͍̜͚̲͕͇̟̭̣͍̞̖̥͕͎͕͈̥̙̱͍͚̹̘̗̲̻͍̮̲̯͚͕̠̰̖̠̹͍̭̙̹̹̯̮̟̼̭̘̦͓̀̋̂̋̂̏́̇̈́́̓̒͊̈̀́̈́̐̀̃̏̆̿̌̉̇͑̒̋̍͑̈́̈́̑͆̌̉̓̑̉̏̀̈̂̆̃̓̆͊̀̈̒͊͗̉͛͒̋̏̋̏̑͋̉̊̉̈̾̉̇͒̾̍͂̋́̅͌̂́͋̓̊͗͐̌̐́̑̆̃́͛̊͛̐͊̐͊̇̋̐͒̍̑̊̑̂̔͂͋͆̏̆͒̌̉̂̾̌̿͒̓͌̎̃̇̏̏̂̉̋͐͌̆̆̇͌̊͛̂̔̀͛̃̽̆̄͌͗͒̿͑̇̽͊̂̇͛̾̒̇̉̐͂̃̉́͒͒̿̄̇̽̚̕͘̚̕̕̕͘̚͘͘̚̚͘͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͠͝͝͝͝͠͠͠͠ͅͅͅͅͅͅư̸̡̡̡̢̧̧̡̢̢̛͚̘̼͉͍̼̖̱̻̠̳̻͙͉͉̫͉̦̺͕͍͓͔̻̝͔͖͖͉̙̭̭̠̜͚̘̞̮̰̖̼̣̺̪͔̟̼̳̗̬͇̰͔͕̻̹̙̭͓̻̱̪̺̙̠̖̻͓̲͍̳̹͖͇̤̟̦̞̭̮͍͇̝̫͇̲͐͌́̂̀͐̾́̎̈́̍̔̓̐̃̆̐̉̓͑̎͂͛̂̀̄͂̾̅̇͑͗̈́̎̏͌̀͑͌̒́̅͑̉̓̄̿̊͐̔̈́̈̄͋̌̆̆͗̋̾͋̍͛̈̋̔̔̓̄͛̉̄̈̕̕̕̕͜͝͠͝͝ͅͅͅͅģ̵̨̡̡̧̨̧̢̡̢̛̜̫̺̲̣͙̱͉͎̮͎͖̪͖͕̯̠̣̞̖͉͙͓̬͙̯̺̹͈̰̩̫̫̝̬̳͈̟̱̹͖̩̠̞͈̰̣̣͉̗̘̲͍̠̱̪̳̳̜̭̮̳͔̲͇̪̠̹͍̰̪͍̱̖̙̜̻̱̖͚̤̱̠͉̺̬̞̙̜̱̜̙͍̫̖͎̲͙̰͉̙̳̫͍̖̫̲̝̥͍͚̼͚̻̪̘̞͎͎͗̋̾́̊̉̎̀͐́̀̃̄̆̈́͑̆́͌͂̈̉́̏̈́͐̆̀̋̊̀̈́̓̇̇̇̈́̒̓̐̀́͐̔̒̀̍̄͂̉̾͗͆̑̑́̔̅̾̍̉͛̂̆̒̑̿͛̄̿̄̂̈̅̌̃̉͒̆͒̿̎̎͂̔͊͊͗̋͛̆̅̓̃̀͑̔̆̆̕̚͘̚̚̕̚͜͜͜͜͜͜͠͝͝͠͠͠͠͠͝ͅą̸̧̧̨̧̢̢̧̢̧̢̡̡̨̡̧̛̖̤̤̝̭͕̬̤̗͉̜̼̘͕̣̩̜̜̠̩̗̼̙̩̰͍͎̮͍̖̙̭̥̞̳̻͉̪͙̞̠͖̭̖͉͎̠̙̯͔̺͕̤͙̜̣͕̜͔̟̤̜̜̱̯̪͙͎̟͕̳̙͙̖͔̣̹͈̳͖͙̺̳̪͙̟̳͎̱̞̱̙̞͖̮̺̯̮̱͚͉̣̳͚̗̫̪͚̺̼͇̹̘̩̦̯̲̥͔̝̞͎̯̦̯̱̞̝̖̬͖̱̹̩̘͖̙̺̞̻̖̘̳̦̝͔̘̱̼̞̟̟̻̝͓̘̪̹̮̦͔̦̞̼̰̟͕͕͙̮͎̣̙͐͒͊̃̈́̓̍̄̉̄̊̌̃̋̾̀͊͊̉͋̉̊͌̍̈́͛͐͂̄̈́͑̓́͐̂̇͌̎̓̈́̐͊͆͌̈̀̇͆͑̑̍̂͊̿͌̆͑̕̕̚͜͜͜͠͠ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅa̶̢̨̢̢̢̩̯͎̖̩͙̮̠̯͈̝̞͚̟̤͈͍̗̱̟̭͖̭͚̹͕̮̗̘̻̳͔̩̹̪̠̦̱͎̦̯̤̗̞̪̮͕͎͇͎͉͍̱̞̯̭̰̙̩̺͚̰̺̭̪͓̬͙̲͖̪̹̦͇͗͒͜ͅͅͅ ̷̢̨̡̡̨̡̡̢̨̡̨̢̧̡̨̧̡̡̢̢̢̡̡̧̨̧̨̛̛̱̦̦̰̤̣̳̹̦͎̠̫̺̼̺͇̫̤̱͍̭̺̱̗͎̟̭̝̤͎͉͕̻̞̹̩̬̦̳̩̘̺̝̦͎̜̮̲͎͖̤̦̣̣̣̼̱͔̜͙̣̻̻͔͎̯̥̗͔͙͎̦̳̫͉̦͎̺͈͕̹͚̙̪̻̤̤̺͓͔̲̙̥̤͙͉̼̗͉͍͇̮̩̲̼̼͎͕̠̺̫͕̞͈̙̰͎̼̼͖̣͉͎͙̮̦̠͍̦͈̺̘̟̯̯̻̹̰͖̦̝̠̦̘̜̩͕̹̬̫̪̞̣̫͈̩̤̯̗̮͚͍̜̤͖̺͇̮̞͚̮̫͍͇͇͉̺̦̗͖̜̰͇̪̲͉̩͉̹̪̝̩͍̤̖̩̺͓̫̱̫̦̘͖̿̀̋̉͑͐̊̈̈̎̀̆̏͒͐͗̾͌̏̀͆̌́͂͒̇̉͐͑̂̀̏̊̈́́̉̅̐̀͊͆̍̌͗̄̿̋̿̒͑̿̐̇̆͑̔̄̋͂̏̋̽̋̆̑̔͑͛̈̏̾̉̇̏͐̈̾̓͌̈̿̒̈̾̎̊̃͛͋̌̏̅͑̉̓͛́̾̊̃̌͊̆̇̌̌̎̀̍̾̎͆̎̀͗̄͐͂̃͑̑̎̒͛͒̾̋̅̐͊͗́̽͆̅̽́͛̑̀̃̋͊̊͘̕͘͘̕̚͘͘̚͘̕̚͜͜͜͝͠͝͝͠͠͠͠͝͠͝͝͝͠͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅd̵̨̡̢̧̨̢̢̧̢̡̧̧̡̢̨̧̨̡̨̧̡̢̡̨̢̡̛̛̛̛͔̼̪̠͙̱̻͈̖̠͉̫̰͔̦̘̞̭̮̱̦͇̹̺̰̙̼̻̻̮̗̜̦̱͙͚̥̫̺͍̦͉̤̹̖̩̫͔̻̹͖̖͈̤̣̩̤̺̫͕̳̼̼̗̙̰̙̱͉̥̼̯̰̟̫̝̱͍̭̝͔̹̯̻̻̭̻͇̤̦̤͈̪̫̪͈͉̖̹͎̯͍̳͓̻̺̳̣͓͈͖̭̠͉͓͕̲͕͓̪̙̘̥̤͈̹̱͍͇̝͙̤͍̰̟̹̭͉̖͙̹͍͕̗̬̹̦̼͇̜̳̻͍͈̪̙̯͖̳̫̤̤̝̣̱̯͙̹̥̩̞̻̹̤̲͍̰͉̞̳̼̰͉͈̠͔̟̹̣̯̜̙̝̗͙͇͍͚͖͍̣̺͚̙͙̬̭̼͎̞̱̰͈͚̘̤̻̠̺̭͔̜̱̠̠͔̝̲̳̫̩̱̞͈̭͗̂̓̈̓̅́̏͛̓͒̽̔̉̿̊̇̄̈̂̐̋̿́̄͂̍̆̇̾̈͐̀̓̂̆́͌̉͒̓́̎͗́̈̍̆̒̆̽̑͒̋̿̆͋͛͌̋̆̆̉̆̾͋̑̃̾̅̔̔̓͌̃̌̾͑̔̽̈̐̄̉̐̐̔̔̋̑́͂̀̄̄̄͑̒̍̎̉̉͛̐̊̾̒̍̎́̑͂̑̿͂̏͑̆͂͋͑̄̑͗͆̋̆́̓͆̌̈̽̐̍̃͗̈̑̓͊̊̒̽̃̌̎͐̆̋͛̉̎̃̆̀͋̂̔̐̒̓̅̈̍̽̅̑́̇͋̂̓͑͌͌̅͗͂̀̏̂̓̌̓͊͑̒̄̄͊̏͋̋̋͐͐̎̋̂́̾̽̚̕̕͘͘̕̚̕̕̕̚̕͘͘̚̚̚̚͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͠͝͠͝͠ͅͅͅͅͅͅd̷̡̧̧̢̨̧̡̧̧̧̡̢̢̢̧̡̢̧̧̢̢̛̛̗̠̮̯̫̼̳̫͙̫͙̳͔͉͚̯̹͖͔̤̺͕͔̱̟͔̥̭̲̞̥̞̣̰͖͍͙̹̱̖͉̖͙̰̯̺̥̳̥͔̙̦̪̙͖̼̩̼͇̜̝̞̗̦̘̮͚̥͈̤͙̖͉̱̙̤̩̺͖̙̬̬͔̟͙̱̪͖̠̮̬͎̳̰͉̠͔̟̰̬̯̝̭͕͓̼̹̰͉̜̦̬̼̠̖̜̟͎̭͉̥̼̮̩͔͔͓̺͈̖̺̣̼̭͈̤̜̭̪̜̟͈̲̭̺̺̜̜͙̱͇͎̩̳̲̱̜̜̯̫̘̪͙͌̈́̏͂̑̈́̆̂̾̽́͐̏̓̀̀̾͑̄̾̋̆̀̆̔̇̌̎̋̈́̇̔̉̔͛̅͊̐̌̍̈́̐͆͒̊̒́̿͑͛͒̏̂̔̆̅̀͛̀̂̑̈͑̄͛̍̋̃̒̂́͗͑̉̉̎̏̎̏̎͆̾͋̈̎͐̈̆͛́͌͂͋͊͑̄̀͗̌͛̌̄̑̿̎̍͌̄̎̉̂̊̔̄̒̔̉̐̂̓̎́̅͂̑̉͂͂̐̆̄̀͐̐̏͋̇͋̓̐͘̕̕̕̚̕̕̕͘̕͜͜͜͜͜͠͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͠͝͠͝͠͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅ ̷̡̧̡̢̨̨̧̢̡̡̢̧̢̨̨̧̡̧̡̢̧̡̧̡̛̛̛̛̼̳̬̬̹͓̫͔̺̼̣̙̼̩̳͍̰͇̦͎̞̮͓̟̫̘̰͓͎̜̣̟͚̠̘̳̗̜̘̖͍̙̝̮͓͈̰͍̦̞͙̜̘͇̣͖̝̲͍͈̙͙̖̼͎̩͎̞̰̲͍̙̣͍̭̜̤͙̠̟̳͇͍̻̥͙̥̦̳͎̤̹̙͙̼̺̳̱̫̗̘̻͇̰̪̣̤̬͈̝̞̹͔̪͕͚͎̪̹̼̩̤͖̭̰͈̠̘͍̙̼̫̳͓̫̱̗̺̦̟̗̲̟̥̳̺̭͙͈̹͉̪̝̘͓̱̰̗̘͎̤͔̙̩̼̪̻̜̰̦̠̻̝͕̹͓͈̣̝͈̱̟̜̱̠̺̖̼̳̰͉̯̮̰̓̅̆̅̉͆̑́̀̉̌̀̿̊̎́̊̂͊̍͑̇̿͐̈́̈́̀̒̓̒̏̆͊̾̌̎̔̏̎͂͊̂̎̾͊̅̊̽̂̌̓̋̿̈́̑̅̄͛͂̐̆̑͑̉̃͒̂͌̈̇̒̐̐̾̃̽͆̇͂͊̽̈̉̋̀͛̓̒̋̉͗̓̍̏̅̊͋̔̊̄̓́̓̆͂̃̆̀̾̍̿̉̀̃̎̎̎̃̇͑̋͂͗́̈̃̍̉͂̇͊̈̌̂̅̐̆͋̿̎̂̇̽̾͗̃̉̽̍͋̽͐̒̃͆̉͐̍̆͛̿̉͆̇̍̄͒͑̌̄͛͒͂͐̿̈͌́̒͗̏͗͊̔̉̌̆̒͑̄́͑͂̃̔͒̀͆̎͊̄̔͂͆̀́̽͒̀̈̉̀̈͐̑̌̏̏̑̀͒͋̇͌̅̔͐̌̌̑̕̕̕͘̕͘̕̚̕̕͘̚̕̕̕̚̚͜͜͜͜͝͠͠͝͝͝͝͠͠͝͝͠͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅr̷̨̡̡̧̨̢̡̧̢̧̡̧̧̛̛̛̛̛̛͎͙̯̰̞̣̥͔͓̭̙̙͓̲̭͉̜̬̪͕̱̤̼͍̭͙̳͇̟̮̘̼̲̗̥̻̝͙͖̠͈̜͉̦̼̤͈͎͓͚͍̻͔̱̩͙̟̘͓͍͕̜̮̹̞͙̗̤̝̬̣͉̭̩̜͍̘̹͈̙̗͔̲̠͕̝̘̜͕̺͕͍͖͚͈̺̖̗̳͍̯͇̼̙̱̼̰̦̘͕̘͍͇͓̪͈̼̖͓͕̜̦̖̮̗̲̼̤̼̺͙͇͕͕̦̫̠̜̤̹̯̤̖̗̼̞̬̣̘͖̰̬̺͒̇͊̋̐̊͒́̽̂͂͐͋̅̈̎͐͊͗̀̈́̊́͌̈́̔́̎̀̏̈̃̑̉͋͒́͆̓̆̓̈́̀̊̅̅͆͒́͊̈̓̌̍̋̋̉̓̇̅̐̿̊̃̍͑̓̓́̋̀̍͑͐̓̅̿̔́͑̄͑͑̽́̂͌̌̿͋̐͑̄͋̂̓́̌̃̊̀̃͑͗͂̅̈̐͑͒̑̉͊͆̎͆͆͗̓̐̄̽̋̋̑͛̉̎̀́͆̂̏͒̇́̾͑͊͒͆͆̅̿͛͗̄͂͗̋̂͌́̐͋̏̐̃̅̓͊̋̅͆̒̎̈̇́͂̏̾̎̏̃̅͒̿̑̌̇̑̌̑̏͌̆͆́͂̽̓̊̔̒̉̇̉̿̑͂͋̍͋̾̂̔͐̂̃͌̉̏͋̃̇͐̋̒̋́̆̕̚̚̚̚͘̚̚̕̚͘̕͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͠͝͠͝͠͠͠͝͝͝͠͝͠͝͝͝͝͠ͅͅͅ8̸̡̢̛̛͍͇̞͖̙̖̙͇̻͙̟̺̬̪͈͍͉͙̟̯͚͈̩̣̺͎͛͐̉̽͆̅̆͋̿̏͂͊̿̑̂̈́͂͆̾͊͒̊͂̈́̃̇̓̉̔̐͐͌̊̾̈́̓͑́̎̒̾̌̓̀̈́̈̌̌̌͋̋͆͑́̏͐̋͑̊͗̉̍̒̄͑͂̾͌͂̐̋̆̿̾̋̍͐̄͛̏̎̂͊̄͑̋̾̐̉̍̎́͂̆̐̉̿͘̚͘̕͘̕͘͜͜͝͝͠͝͝͠͠͝͠͝ͅͅ8̵̨̨̨̧̡̨̨̨̢̨̧̧̨̨̛̛̖̠̻̮̭͇̘͉͓͚̪͔̪̣̫͚̥̻̘͕͙͓̙̙͇͔̦͉̱̝͎̘̝͉̫̳̼͔̪̘̰̼̖̪̲̭̻͚̺͔̬̳̰̠̩̩̤̝̟̜̪̬̦̰͍̟͕̗̯̫̮̪͉̭̯̲̫͚̻̙̣͎͎̞̱̺͙̳̞̞͎̜̻̯͎̮̥͔̻̝̫̘̫͚̦̙̙͎̯̦̞̞̝̘̯̻̜̝͙̞̳̥̺̺͕̹̜͉̥̟̦̫͍̯̫̰͚̬̗͍̫̫̞͈̜̤̬̲̪̗̪͚̫͚̞͔̜̘̳̙̭̜̩͇̪̣̤̗̹̖͉̖̼̦̪̳̹̰͍̙͎͓͇̟̻̺̘͕̥̥̱̙̠͙̼̩͈͎̹̦̩̙͍̲͓̗̥̰̝̾̽̔̄̀́̉͂̄͒͒̔̎̌̒̆̾͐̄͑͋̈́́́̂̉̈́̀̀͑̂̃̓̓́͆͛̀͐̾͐̉̓͑͐͒͆̒̇̒͆̍̅̍̎̽͂̑̏͗̓͂̑̅̆́͗̿̋̌̆͋͋͛̍̋̏̃̈̒̈̊̅̍̀̇̂̊͐̿̽̄͗̍͛̉̈̔̕̕͘̚͘͘͘͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅ ̷̢̡̡̡̢̡̧̧̨̢̢̢̢̨̢̨̧̨̢̛̛̛̛̩͉͇͖̱̘͇͙̠͓̱̬̗̹̻͚̰̼͙̬̭̘̦͖̺̼̠̖̦̣̬̱̠͕̘͙͎̼͓̹͕̹̲͇̝̗̪͚͔̰͙̱̪̥̳̬̗͍̳͎̦̻̗̝̝̦͍̤͎̱̲̼͖̮̞͕͖̖̯̻̥̪̹͓͉̻͎̻̮̺̘͙̫͎̤̜̖̩͕͈͚̱̩̬̠͕͍̤̲̤̝̦̼̙̰̳̖͙̲̲͓̥͚̲̙͖̬̦̯͔͙̣̺̦̜͚̲̩̭̜͖̺̗̹̜̟̪̱͍̬̝͍̘̘͇̭͍̭̹̥̲͇̞̗̟̰͖͖͎̖̟̤͍͈̗̳̦̳̹̻̫͈͚̠̮̪͚̲̘̳̙̘̱̤͉̹̦̭̖͖̼̱̬̰̤͇̖̝̺̺̳̜̭̫̞̼͕̟̙̭͔̱̭̫̌͆̐̈́͗̔̿̈́́̏̇̎̈́͐́̐̑̌̎̔̿͛͆̐͌̾́̊̌͐̀̄͑̈́̔̃͑̀̿̌̂͂͆̂̑̌̊͒̓̔̓̍̓̇͑̓͐̆̾͆̐̄͒̌͌͆̀̾̄̄́͗͛̽͐̀̓͛̀̏̏͛̽̎̎̾͊̔̂̋̆̄͌̃̑͐̓̍̓̏̔̍͋̽̑͛̾͒͊̋͛̂͌͒̔̔̓̆͊̇̓̐͑̅̋͆͑̊̊̊̀̐̚͘̕̚̚̚͜͜͜͜͜͜͠͠͝͝͠͠͝͝͝͠ͅͅͅ8̴̢̧̡̧̧̨̧̧̢̛͔̟̮͕̩̮̳̗̦̖̙͉͖̙͔͔̩͇̼͔̱̖̗̼͔̩͇̞͔͔̭̘̜̻̙̬̜̦̘̬͍̥̬̠̲̪̯͍̞̦̦̤̬̜̬̙̦̮͔̹̙̻̮̼̤͉̙̗̻͕̳͍͓̭̣͓͍̻͎̼̮͉̪͕̲̫̞̻͎͓̙͓̰̥̱͎͖͌̈́̑̓̇͑̒̂́̌̽̌̽̄̉̎̿̓̇̓͛͌̑͒̉̔̾̾͊̃̓̑̅̓̒̉̕̕͜͜͜͠͠͝͠ͅt̶̨̡̨̧̡̨̢̨̡̧̡̛̛̛̛̛̲͉̠̰̖̤͚͉̫̩͔͇̗̮͉͙̯͚̱͔̣̯͍͎̣̯̦̖̜͓͉̗̥̫̮̪̹̭̙̥̳̪͚̝͍̝̥̪̘̠̪͙̞̳̣̭̫̰̦̫̥̯̺̥̞͖͙̳͎̗͔̭̰̪̤̹͍͓̞̫̙̖͎̗̹̝̖͈̖͚̠̤̲͓̙̣̗̠̯̯͉̣̼͕̝̳̺͙̥̪̜̱̻̯̯̞̖̖̥̯̻͂̔̾̓̓͐̈́͒̌̎̅̈́͛͐̉͑̑̊̀͊̍̂̈́͗͊̂̎̓͒͌͂̂̄̒́̏̌̑̈́̂̋̈́̐̔͂͆͗͌̍̅̋͒̅͒͛́̉͗̾͆̅͊̑̌̋̌̾͋̐̓͊̃͆̊̑̽͒͆͊̋͌̑͊͛̌͌̅̍̍̈̏̎̿̏́̿̐̄̌̚̕͘̕̚͜͝͝͝͝͝͠͠ͅͅͅĝ̸̢̢̡̨̨̢̡̡̨̧̛̛͎͉̰͓͖̮͉͙̠͓̞̲̠͙̙͚͚͎̥̳͕̪̬͓̹̫̖͈̥͉̲̤̣̯̲̙͔͙̘͓͕̞͙̘̭̖̭̹͓̺̮̗͔͕͇̦̱̩̗̭͙͉̱̺͔͍̖̠̖̣͓̣̦̖̤͓̫͉̜͛̐̆̾͒̀͗̃͋͆̏̎̽͛͋͌̾͛͗̉͐̽̇̒̀̀̽̃̃̍́̽͑͑̏̐͐̒͐̇̈́̾͆͗̌͋͐̔͐̃̓̊̔͆̔̓̃̉̃̎͊͆͛̈̒̃̑̍̄͋̑̓̋͋̽͘͘̚̕͘̕͜͠͝͠͠͠͝͝͝ͅͅư̴̢̨̡̢̢̢̢̡̨̢̧̧̢̢̨̧̨̢̡̡̛̛̛͕͇̫̹͈͍̬͓̫͔̙̬̻̳̤̤͙͍̳̙̻̳̠̜͓͇̗̪̣̘͍̘͎̖̪̩̼̖͉̹̯͇̳͉̳͙̤̹̯͓͇͔̘̖̻͙̥̰̹̝͚̰͇̠̩̲͙͉͔̳͇̹͈̪̩̲͕̳̠̼̳̹̼̳͚̖̳̥̭̳͉̙̖̖̬̼̫̖͚̟͈̜̠̩͕̥̦̭̫̹̻̦̱̺̹͈͖̳̟͇̗̩͈̘̬̹̺͉͉̙͎̮̞͉͕̘͇̟̥͓̝͉̖̥͚̜͎̺̖̥̬̯̳̤͍̱̻͚͇̮̬̗̙͙̲̥̱̪̬̮͎͚̘̩̣̰͔̖̼͖̝̙͕͛̑́͋̊̐̍̎͌̋͌̉́̓͗̐͑̌͒͒͂̌͗͋̎̃̍͌̅̽̋̒͌͂̏̈́̑͐̈́͋̋͌̐̀̉̔̀̑̋̑͗̃͛̾̀̃͗̌͂͌͑̊̔͌̔͒͂͆̃͛͒̋͛̆͛͒̂̽͂̇́̒̽̒̔͌̾́̔̔̇̀̄̂͒̎̇̀̿̔͊͌͊̊̈͛̀́̃̍̿͒̌̓͌̃́̄̋̏̏̽̀̿̉̔͂̑̕̚͘͘͘̕͘͘͜͜͜͜͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͠͠ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅg̶̡̡̧̡̢̨̢̧̢̢̧̢̢̧̡̡̛̛̲͔͓̹̟͇̯̜̹̮̻̞̦͈̥̼̰͇͙̝̥̙̺͎̠̗̙̺̳͍͉̜͖͍̬̺̳̠̤̦̮̳̱̯̫͉̬̞͚͕̘͚̭̺͙͙͕͇̣̹͙̺̱͍͉̼͓͓̦̫͔͓͚̖̝͓̙͕̘̹̪̝̖̩̳̬͉͓̳̮͙͚̞̫͍̖̫̣͇̗͔̳̗̫͍̜̪͖͎̯̳͓̙͈̹͈̦̪̗̱̺̭̰̪̺̹͙͍̘̖͔̟͉͈̝͉͚̻͕̥͖̜̞̙͉͈̘̤̪̦̣͓̹͍̯̤̩̙̪͇͚̲̙̻̭̣̰͍̩̺͇͉̜̰͎͔̼͕̻̬͔̗̥̦̩͖̗̦̼̤̟̣̺̱̙̹̲͓̟̼̰̙̱̞̜̜̩̻̭͔̭͈͍͙͍̺̫̬͔͉̙̯͈̪̱̖̭̪̘̖͕͍̳̘̱̺̫̞̯͇̏͑̊̄̄̈́͑́̍̏̅̓̇̽͑͛̓̿̃͐̍̆̾́̈̍̋̂̍̆͗͂̑̉͗͋̏͆̄͗̀̀́̈̃̉͌͑̈̓͂͐͗͑̇͂̀̀̅̾̀͗̾̽͆͆͌̿͛̒̉͂̾̃̊̎͛͗͛̾̓͊͊̃͊̋̄̌͗̋̑̋̊͊̿̏̄̏͆̾̏̏̆̋̋̉̌̉̄̃̍̌͒̑̿̒̉̑͛͊̉͒̌̃̃̒̈̎̽̎̇̀̾̅̄̉͗̂̆̾̒͋͑̈̽̄̏̆͐̉͆̽̐̋̐̉̒̉͐̉̾̒̚͘̚̕̕̚̚̚̕̚͘̕̕͘͘͘̕͘͘̕͜͜͜͜͝͠͝͠͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅǟ̶̢̨̢̧̢̨̢̧̢̨̨̢̨̧̢̧̧̡̡̢̨̧̧̡̡̡̡͍͇͇̤̘̟̣̹̝͖̥̟͇̬͚̮̦͇̖̙̞̳͖̱͚͇̺͇͙̯̝͓̭͙̻̭̻̰̥̥̮̫̝̬̼͚̝̟̙̘̻͖̞̙̺̮̻̹̭͕̜̗͙͈͉͙̥̗̤̪̺͓̫͇̻̙̫͉͔͖̙̥̤̙̙̬̘̞̹̠͖̬̦̟̥͓͖̦̠̘͉̮̦̠̜͎̜̳̭̙̻̱̜͇͉̳̹͕͙͓͎͉͍̠͇̺̟͇̮̩̤̱̝̩̲͖͕̻̳͖̺͚̺͕͍̩̟̭͇͇͎̠̹̜̙̺͎̳̬̬̼̤͍̠͍̖̤͔̜̳͖̠͎͈͕̖̜̩͔̱͉̯̘̟͍̖̠͈̖̺͖̯͓͈̠̪͖̮͔͇͕͕̭̤̟͈̦̟͕̰̰͕̫̥̼̖̱̞̜͖̑͆̆̊̂̑̈́͗͆͑͌̊͌̐̔̓̔̎̑̍̋̌͋̆̋̐͗̉̈́͋̒̓̃̈͂͒̈́̉̋̉̀̈́̊͒͒̑̍̍͆̒͂̐̋̅̒͛͂͐͑͐͛̕̚͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅa̸̡̢̧̡̡̨̢̧̡̧̧̧̨̨̢̢̧̢̢̧̡̧̨̡̧̛̛̛̛̛͚̱͚̠̦͕̺̖̟̺͉͚͙̱̪̻͕̤̺̼͙̰̣͍̯͙̲̬̜̗̬̥͎̮̻͉̖̻̳͕͙͓͓͈̩̪͍̬̬̤͙̠̲͎̙̤̼͓͇͇̥̤̩͍̘̘͎͍̖͎͍̠̭̹͉̯̻̦͍̥͓͖̘̫̤̬̞̳̞̫̠̣̦͉͔͖͍͓̬̙͔̻̝̙̬̩͓͔̰̭̱̦͕̙̖̜̭̭̳͖̫͙̱̮̠͕͚̬̝̩͎̯̬̤̥͓̮̮̻̟̭̩̺͎̥̖̠̙̳͔̤̖̤̟͕̤̰͓̤̗̺̭̤̪̺͙̠̩̤̜͕̲̥̞͔͈̯̯̲̳̬̻̤̱̥̪͖͓̭̮̟̝͖͙̟̙̘̰̠̱̫̹̖̦̱̥͙̳̖̯̥̣͇̺̖̘̪̞̔͑̽̑̃͗̽̑̌̒͌̄̀̓͛̑̈́̄̃̇̇̆̽̂̏͐̈̊́̒̾̿̏͂̄͊̅̌̌̀̍̀̇̀͆̀̒̏̅̂̔͑̓̎͛̇͋̋̾͐̉͌͂͒͆̇̀̔̊̂̊̅͗̒́̎͋̀͛͂̃̇̆̌͗̊̏̆̎͗̉͛̎́̀͌̓́̈̑̋̑͒̒͋̍̆̚̚̕̕̕͘̚̚͘͘̚͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͠͝͝͠͠͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͠ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅ ̸̧̧̧̡̨̧̢̧̧̡̧̢̨̡̧̛̛̙̳͍̥̖̭͓̥͔̰̖̪̩̜̰̼̲̻̣̰̟̗̺͎̘͔̙̜̘͕͙̬̰̱͈̳̙͔̳̫̭͚̮̠͕̤͕̲͙͍͈͙̱̱̮̬̱̖̩͎͔̱͇̦̻̜̗͇͓̫̩̹̻͕̼̝̬͓̪͔͈͓̺͍̲͎̮̹̮͓̓̈͒͐̒̌̂̀͋̆̐͊̀̃͛͐̓̈̓͑̑̐͆̌̒̅́̾̍̀̏̂͑͂͗͐̆́̌̓̂̑̍͑̾̊͑͒̒̀́̑͒̍̿̃̐̇̔͘͘̚̕̕͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͠ͅͅͅͅͅḑ̶̨̛̛̛̛͕͔͔̭̣͕̟͕̗̱͖̣̼̬̤̬̹͈͔͓̟͔̯̹̀͐̍́̈́̅̏̈̈́̉͒̑̀̒̋̑͑̾̎͂́͌͆͗͛̀͊͑̄̑̊̈̈́͂̓́̈́͌͛̐̋͒͗̌͛͋̓̅͑͊͑̈͑̓̑͛̊͒̎̓͒̓̀̍̂̌̑͊̾̃̑̽͑̑̂̌̋̐̔͊͑͋̃̍̑̌̐͑̽̌͂̑̑̏̉̋̆͂͛̋͐͊̀̀́̔̿̀̍̒̂̇̇́̄̂̋̇̐͋͐̓̾̆͒̔͐͐̄̽̾̆̉͐̄̈̕̕̚͘͘̚͘̚͘̚̚̕͘̚̕͝͝͝͠͠͝͝͝͠͠͠ḑ̶̢̧̨̢̨̧̧̡̧̧̧̡̡̢̛̣̝̲̲̞̖͖̠̭͓͓̝̖̤̩̲̟̝̻̟͚̱̩̦̟͍̭͕̫̘̘̞̦̦̦̘̥̞͍͖̗̪̪̥͈̼̪͔̲̻͓̻̗͉̠͍͚͇͙̬̪̙͍̜̼̥̲̘̝̪͚͇̰̺̪̤̜͕̹̬̳͕͙͇̦̺̲̻̯̹̯̯̣̺̠͉̲̟̮̼̰̺̠̩̭̭̫̤̟̤̩͎̞̘̦͈͔̮̫̳̝̬͎̲̠̥͉̠̗͚̣͔̜̥̰̤̮̖̹̗̯̩̪̙̘̘̌́͐̂̾̎͆̆̄̃͌̄̈́̀̂̆͐́̃͐̓̈́̅͊̋̌͗̊̈́̑̌̀̇̓̒̌̀̏͛̑́͊̊̄͋͒́́̐͐̆̆̎͛̄͒́͊̂͋̽͑̒͑̿͒͑̀͘̕͘͘͘͘̚̕͜͠͠͝͝͠͠ͅͅͅͅͅ ̴̢̡̨̨̢̢̧̧̡̨̡̢̢̡̢̢̡̧̢̧̧̧̧̛̛̛̛̬͕̗͎̹̙̬͔̭̜̝̟̦͉̣̹̥̖̦̜͚̙͙͓̤̻͖̲̜̣͚̫̳͎̩̭̺̯̻̗͓̙̣̝̝̯̜̙̭͇̙͉̥̲̻̘̼͙̬̳̳̗̹͇̦̪̜̹̳̰̺̣̣͓͔̯̪̥̩̠̥̩͍͖̣͚̘͔͖͇̼͚̪̲̩͉̥͔͖̯͍̲̥̟̙̥̘̝͍̻͖͎̜̩̭̫͎̰͔̗̜͇̩̮̫̣̱̦̝͎̦̼̲̻̜͇͈͇̩͚̦͔͓̯̹̹̥̬̞̣͉̪͍͕̩̤̪̤͙͎̩̻͚̫͎̗̙̜̮̫͎̳͚̦͈̼͔̻̹̗̹͙͍̳̱̗͇̻̖̙̯͖͙̹̱̫̪̼̜̳͖̠̫͍̠͚̦̏̓̍̈́̾̉͐̆̈͛̀̃̅̍͛͗̂̊̈́̓̄̄̊͗͒̅̉̈́͑̄̇͒͌͐͂̇͗̑̒̏́̈́̏̉̋̈͐̆͆̂̾̿͆͗͗͛̃͒̐͐͌̃̋͊͒̌͛͑̎̇͌͒̊͒͊̑͑̓̈͋̉̀̑͌͂͋́͋̈̀̾̋̂̊̽̉̉̔͗̑̌͗̿̉̒̀̒̔̔̐̈͋̊̒̉̂̊́̀̎͋̐͗̄̎̿̇̉̆̇͌̊̊̉̀̒̏͛͗̄̏͂͒̄̑̇̈͊̽͒̑͒̔̅͒͌͋͊̂͆̏̾̀̃͑͊̉̎̀̋̋͂͐̾́̒̏̆̅̆̒͛̔̊͛͋̐͐̂̿̽͑̿̐͛̓̾̿̐̋͛̌̋͒͊̋͆̐̏̑͐̃͒̏̆̄̋̂̋̀͆̓̀͑̌̋̕͘̚̚͘͘͘̚̕͘̚̕͘̚͘̚̕̕͘͜͜͠͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͝ͅͅͅṛ̶̡̨̡̡̢̧̨̡̢̨̡̨̡̨̨̧̨̢̧̨̨̡̡̺̺̬̖̯͈͔̤̼̖̟̖̣̻̦̗͉̦̜͖̭̹̘͖̹͓̭͔̫̥̦͇̤̯͍̹͉̝͇̰̞̮̗̝̰̲̟̣̫̦̤̥̻̳̫̰̠̖̣̩̳̥̦̤͖̗̣̱̝͎͚͇̣̝̯̣̤̳͉̳̘͓̺̬͍̝̬̯̦̞̦̣͙͕̳̗̱̻̞̠̠͙̼̟͔̩̳̝̬̭͈͔̰̹̻͎̝͉̬̗̱̰̪̝͙̳̰̝̯̱̠̠̬͕͍̠̳̮͈̳̥͇̯̺̯̺̘̝̪͖͙͇̥̣̭̘̞̪̪̥̼̩̮̘̖̼̬̝̠̪̯̦̳̯̮̹̤̬͇̘̲̦̝̟̲͈̮̱͕͔̮̫͙͇͓̻͖̯̱̗̳͇̻̙̱̩̘̥̼̱̪̘͕̓͋́͐̊̃̈͑̉̎̓̈́̅̀̍̔̕͜͜ͅ8̷̡̡̧̧̨̡̨̢̡̨̡̡̨̢͔̩̰̰̭̹̗̖̞̥͚͚̪̱̘̘͚͇͈̳̲͍̺̪͔̗̞̰͚̙̲̬̬̘̪͉̹̘̞̩͕̜͔̣͚̫̰̲̳̺͔̙̤̬̣̬͖͙̞͕̗̩̦͚̘̲͔̰̫͇̦̱̞͖̲̻̩̦͚͖̥̲̞̣̘̪͔̰̹̳̜̗̟̝̗͍̞̣͕͍̠̯̳̻̫̦̫̭̰̳̻͙̘̭̱͎̤̠̳̮̗̙̯͓̱̺͇̪̬̝̖̮̹̠̥̭̤͚͔̦̹͓̜̝͈͕̦̫̖͈̣͉͚̯̰͓͕̞͙̖̰̪̺͈̬͙͎̙̣̮̯̻̳̓͊̈́̀̂͛͗̈́̔̆̈́̓̓́̄̀̒̑̄͒͂͛̌̍̍̃̆̏̽̋̈́̚͘͘͘͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͠ͅͅͅͅͅͅ8̶̡̡̨̧̧̢̨̢̨̨̨̢̧̧̧̢̢̧̛̛̛͎̩͖͔̮̰͎͉̠̜̣̯̲͖̗͔͎͚̘̗͎͎̬̦͔̗̬͓̭̖͎͉̩̘̼͓̟̙̘͚̥̘̮̘̜̺͉̙͉͇̠̤̲̣̦̘̳̤̰̩̖̹̳͖̞̱̘͇̫̬̞̝͓̺͈͈͎̟̞̻̯͖̪͖̲̖̱͖̮͖̩̝̯͇̰̬̼͖̪̬͔͎̺̲͍̪̩͍̜͖̻͇̯̭͎̲̱̗̼̪̠͚̜͔͔̬͚͍͖̳̟̊̄͌̈́̍͆͂́̇̐͑̂̾̔̐̂͊͊̓͐̏̈́̂̔͊͐̌̇͒̏́̓̽̊̀̌͌̔͐͗̈́̿̿̆̀̂͑̊̎̾̾̾̒̓̓̀̍́̐̄̓̂́̂̾̋̐̑͛͂̎̋̿̕̚̚̕̕̕͜͜͜͝͠͝͠͠ͅͅͅͅͅ ̵̢̢̢̢̧̡̢̡̧̨̡̧̨̡̨̛̛͕͎̞͖̠̼͇͖̱̰̜̤̫̼̝̥̦̣̬̝̭̜̙̦̪̱͎̬̘̞̖̱̲͙̹̤̺̜̫̫̰̳̺͇̘̝͉̪̮͙̻̦̗͕̙͇͇͖̣̟͍̺͔͚̖̫̲̻̟̤̙͉̮̩͇̱̳͉̥̫͙̮̞͖̦̯̱͚̺̰̟̯̙͍̤̱̫̫̝̺͕̦͚̞̻̱̤͈̮̠͖̮͕̬̝̩̫̘̯̞̜̟̟̣͇̲́̄̍̿͌̄̐͐̎͊̌̃̅͛̃̌̉̀̊̎̓͆̿͐̎͛̉̀͗̎̋͑͊̾͑͊̊́̎͆͛̌̓̄͒̀͒̈́͋͑͐̉͛̏͗̎̽͛̉̇̉̅͊̐͐̏̾̇͛͘͘̚̕̚̚͜͜͝͝͝͝͝ͅͅ8̶̢̨̧̡̨̧̧̢̢̢̢̢̡̢̧̨̧̛̛̪̟̞̪͚̜͎̩̬̥͇̙͙̫̱̲̰̠̯͙͕͇͎̻͎̗̥̝̭̘̳͔͚͚̮̥̦̹͈̣̫̦̩̲̪̻̦͈̻̘͖̼̹̠͔̪̰̩̠͔͉͇̰̖͔̪̬̱͚̱̩̝͈͙̜̼̤͔̜̜͉̟̥̻̪̯͔̞̩̳̠̮̠͕͕̙̠̫͈̳̣̤̫̘̠͎̱̲̜͇̺̗͎̰̹̳̹̣̯̻̞̘̦̪̤̹̣̜̙͚̠͕̤̰̼̣̖̜͇̪͍̭̥͈͖̬̤͙̘̪͉̟̺̭̣̭̤̺̯̓̓̎͆̎̀̾̾̏͑̀͊͌̍̊̍̌͗͒̀̾͗̇̽̾͌͆̂͘̚͘̕̕͜͜͜ͅͅͅt̴̢̢̢̨̨̡̧̧̨̢̢̨̡̢̡̧̧̧̡̨̨̡̡̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̯̟̼̯̜̲̻͍͇̰͎̹̖̭̭̠̞̣̞̦̞͙̭̭̼̪̮̮͍̞̟͎̹͎̱̺̣͔͍̙̯͓͉̬̹͈͉̫̬͙͍̤̦͔̱̳̰̫̠̹͚̲̜͇̗̪̲̠̜̬̬̺̱̣̦̱͕̞͙̳͕͕̖͍̲͍̲͚̞̰̪̙̥̖̼̮̭̘͍̱̯̗͕̳̲̱͉̖̩̱͉͖̞̙̼̣͕͎͙̻̖̳͉̩̠̞͔̞̰̹̣̖̳̹̫̹̣̣̘͕͙̺̟̘̣̪͚̦̲̘͙̝̗̜̯̰̳̞̬͓͍̣̱̬͕̣̭̺̹̗̼̰̮͖̻͚̬̰͕̳͔͙̻͙̩͓͈̤̝͔͚̩̜̻̹͕̲͙͍͎͙̬͔̗̮̗̳̯̰̲̩̯̦̖̻̼̝̱̳̯͙̘̥̠̭̹̟̟̮͚͈̤̫̳̘͖̹̭̲͍̤̀̀͌̿̀̊̀̋̇͆̔͐̌͛̈̾̿̆̾̐̈́̉̒̐͑͗̌̈̈̀̋̎̍̇̀͗̐̀͆̿͂̔͌̋̓̑̓̿͑̂͊͋̏̓͊̌̉͊͋̽̄̊̌͆̊̋́͒̇͑͂̍̏̔͂͋̒̔͊͐͋̌̒̎͌͛͆͌̒̓̔͆͋͐̔̑͊̓̈̾̐͌̔̌̐̃̀̈͌̿̋͐̉͋͋̔̎̒̂̅͗͗̾̌̀̇́̅̍̅̌͛̃̄̂̇͒͛͌̽̇͊̑̑͒̒̃͌͊͐̎͛̆̃̃͛̍͒͌̚̚̚̕͘̕͘̚͘̕̚͘̚̚̚̚͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͠͝͝͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅg̶̡̢̨̢̢̨̡̨̢̧̧̢̧̧̢̨̡̨̛͓̹̟̺̟̙̝͚̞̗̦̪͎͓̯̟̦̫̬͚̪͈͓̤̼̜̰͉͖̱̪͎̼͔͕͔͎̪͍͚̘͖̥̮̥͈̣͔̙͍̳͓̙̝̝͍͉̭̬͙̳̬͎̯̩̝̙̠̞͓̣̱͚͇̞̻̘̗̣͙̘̞͔̘̠͉̹̮̻͙͍̦͓͙̥͚̹̦̥̠̳̱̳̣͕̬͔̳͈̤͇̼̗͕̥̣̖̯̫̗̱̩͇̜̫͇̩̟͙̼̙̝̠͍͖͍̤͔͎̦͔͙̥̞̺̝̫͙̝̟̮̱̪̘͍̠̣̹̳̪̥̖̮̣̻͚̣͍͉̰̦̅̋̇͐͂͌͂̇͆͗͗̏́͊̈́̿͆̂̓̇̈́͛́̏̒͋̌̃̏̽̊̽́̎̑͌̀̑̑͑̇̀͒͒̈̆͗̈́͛̽͑̋͒̉͐͂͗͗̂̎̍̊̇̍̉͛͗̐͆̇̋͐͑͋̋̇̃͂̐̓̂̒̾̃̂̇̇̋͌̏́́̀̎̇̅̓̓̇͌̇͆̔͒͗̋́̈̄̅̄̊͒̔̋̚̚͘͘̚̕̚̕͘͜͠͝͠͝͠ͅͅͅͅų̷̧̢̧̧̨̨̛̛̛̛̱͓̯̹̤̹͎͇͕̠̩̝͕͔̖̟̝̙̞̳̺̥̯̬̼̤̲͚͕̮͉̙͔̥̳̳̥̬̦̥̖̤͔͔͙̗̺̟̮̖͕̳͍̻͉̖̯͓̘̖̘̜̘͕̹͎̳̹̗̭̪̈́̒͌̑̓̔̀̒̅̓̔͛̈͐͊̑̆̉́̀̉͆̃͊͑̒̅̌̿͛̀͐̏̅́̏̍̒̈́͊̒͂̾̂̀͛̏̉̐̇̊̋̿̅͐̓̽̽̎̅͗̂̊̑͌̊̃̓̀̿̔͆̾̃̏̀́̅͒͗̂̊̑̄̎̑͂̑̾̒̈̎̈̇̓̑̓̄̃̑̎͛̏̂̄̃̔̀̊̍͑̑͐̉̆͆̈͂̈̿̈͐̄͆̽͐̌̆̔͊̔̿́̒̄͌̽̃̿̅͂̀͆̾̋̉̒͋͆̅͌̉̾̄̍̏̀̋̿̑͛̔͛̍̏̅̒̅̀̾̋̓̌̂̉̑̋͌̉̋̊̑̈̂̒͊͛̿͛̏̍͑̀͑̄̽̄͗̃̍̾̆̃̐̃̔̐̏̅̿̈̔̀͗̉̈͋̔́̄̋͋̅̃̿̈͂̈͋͐͑̀̎̎͑͊̌̆̑̚̚̕͘̕̕͘͘͘͘͘̚̕̕̕͜͠͝͝͠͝͝͠͝͠͝͠͠͠͠͠͝͝͝g̷̨̨̡̧̡̡̢̧̨̡̢̢̧̧̨̡̨̢̢̡̛̛͕͉̤̥̟̗̫͍̮͙̞̠̩̞̬͚̖̯̰̪̝̲̭̥̙̖̹̺̱͕͖̞͓̩̹͖͚̪͖͍̞͚̬̲̫̤̠̝̞͙͓͖̙̠̪̠̤͔̱̳̻͓͕̯͙̟̤̱̝͈̦̦̬̙͔̦̟͚̣͉̭̖͔̲͚͈͙͓͔̙͚̘̳͉̺͓͔̳̮̣̪͕͈͈̣̜͚͔̩̰̙̟͎̙̟͓̹̱̫̫̟̰̫̫͙͎̳͔̗͍̲̤̫̱̭̲͓̻͇̦̦̦͙̮͇̘̥͍̞͎͔͔̲̖̜͚̞̳̘̞̫̬̬̹̮̝̙̺̬̥͍͚͙͎͙̰̹̥͙̺̤̗̰̳̖̀̄̈̆̔̔̔͋̆̇̍͑̌̌̊̈́͒̒̆͛̇̃͂̃́̈́̌͑̑̽̈́͊́̐͂̑̂͗̊̓̆̈́̈̈́̋̆̉̃̓̌̓͗̇͋̇̔̍̋͋͑̆̏̓́̔͗̂̑̎̑̈̓͗͌̂̉̆̂̄̀̊̒̽̀͌̆͋̔̍͂̐̈̋̈̍͛́͆̃͋̂͑̿̅͂̏̿͒͆̾̀̆͂̔́̒̒̔̅̍̏̀̍̓̒́̎͋̄̐̏́̐̂͗̒̎̄̚̚͘̕͘̕̚͘͘͘͘̚̚͜͜͠͝͠͝͝͝͠͝ͅͅͅͅͅa̶̧̡̢̢̨̡̢̨̡̧̛̛̛̛̝͖͓̘̺͈̫͔̼̼̜̹̘̘̗̣̰̘̟̭͙̪͍̙̲̼͚̩̫͚̻̹̻͔̪͔̳͔̤͚̭̯͓̫̼͍̦̖̜̖̞̩͈̣̰͖̹̲̩̣̮͉̟̹̦̮̳͔̫̠̪͈̮̬͍̟̜̭̤̜̦̩̣̰̟̬̙͈̖͖̰̙̣̠̙̤̪̳̗̬̗̠̪̪̟̠͚̰̥͓̥̳̥̘̳̭̥̻͚̰̺̜͚͙̹̗͙͕̼͉͓̤̹̩̣̣̭̪͖̖̖̰̼̝̙̱̠̫͚͍͇̠̘͚͔̖̼̝̿̓̂̀̈́̾͋̾͑̒̐͂̋̃̾̒͊̓̒̇̄́̀̏̾̃̒͗̓͌̂̈̓̏͆͋͊͐̍̓͛̔̆̀͗̒́͆͆̎̽͊̈͌̈͛͋̉̋̑̂̃͗͂̈̓̃͑͊̓̽͋͊̆͌̑͐̾́̽̓̋͌͑̓̊͊̂̽̅̾̾̎̅͑́́͊͌͋̍͛̌͛͌̐̊͑̄̉͐͐͐̏̇̕͘̚̚͘͘̕͜͜͜͝͝͠͠ͅͅͅă̵̧̧̧̢̡̨̡̢̢̧̧̡̡̧̛̛̛̛̛̪̙̥̹̜͔͍͔̖̤̪̜̺̤̙̗̰̖̼̪̘͖̯͍̯̘̤̘̣͈̪̥̗͇̭̲̱͖͉̣̘̖͉̝̦̫̥̠̙̟̜̮̤̼̞̳̞͉̦͔͈̻̫͕̜̝̜̱̝̪̲̖̠͈̹̼͉̟͙̜͚̩̭̞͈̲͕̻̫̱͔̥͖̘̥͙̞̯̤̙̘̞͖̘̙͇̤̘̤̩̙̹̦̞̠͎̜͇̖͉̤̩̻̟̤͎̠̖̹͕͙̞͓̺̞̣͕͖͍͍͎̘͕̩͔̭͍͓̬͎̻̫͔̦͈͉̘͍̼̫̙͙̩̩̖̘̲̙͎̦͔͚̣̘͖͉̬̝̳̜̺̘̬̝̬͔͖͖̭̖̟͉̺̻̣̬͚̤̲̼̹̞͉̠̱͇͖͖̞̟̮̭̺̦͙̮͈͙̤̣̗̠̟͓͖̜̱̩̣͎̮̙͚͔̟̗̣̼̬̟͕̳̦͙̝̗͊́̆͆̃̂̓̃̌́̏̌͊̍͒̇̀̄̾̈̒͗̊̽͆̑͌̅̌͑̄̏̓̒͂̓̑͐̒͑́̿̽̓̾̌̓̌̀̔̂̉͒́̃͌̊̏̍̇͋̀͒̅̾̐̾͋́̽͛̊̾̏͐̃̒͋͑̃̈̍̍͋̆̂̅̂̄̊͛̑͒̍̔͛͆̐͛̀̿͊͌͂̽̽̄̀͒͌͐͆̋͂͊̌͂̿̌͆̈̍̊͗͑̃̍̋̄͐̓͗́͂͌͗͂͊̄͑́̌̑̂͋̆̌̾̃̔͆͋̓̀̄͋͊̑͊̑̌̓͗͌̊̒͂̚͘̕͘̕̕͘͘͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͠͝͠͝͝͝͝͠͠͝͝͠͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅ ̷̡̡̡̡̢̢̧̢̧̢̡̨̢̢̡̢̨̢̛̛̛̥̥̤̙̘̱̫͙͍̗̬̞̺̘̺̭̰̝̬̖͓̳͉̘̖̫̥̺͍̟̭͍̩̗̜̜̩̖͔̬̫̰̗̭̖̜͚̗͙̠̦̝̠̪͈̪͍̻̻̬͖͖̫̱̦̭̰̥̫͚̱͙̼͍̱̹̹̯͓̩̼̳̹͈̼̟͔̻̭̥̼̯̤͇̳͈̰̥͎̼̳̤̭̥͎̙̜̤̻͕̮̼̤̻̙̱͚͍̙͉͇̗̙̼̤͖͍̖̘̞̼͓̪̹͖̠̫̭͖̬̫̞̲͕̝̞̤̬̠̬̠̻̣̯͈̤̖̗̩̘̳̗͙̦̙̜͕̥̫͔͊͋̓͒̍̌̑̿͆͑͗͂͂̑̍͆͆̋͛̿͊͋̏̍̍̎̈̆͘͘͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͝ͅͅͅͅḓ̵̢̧̨̢̢̨̢̧̢̢̛̛̬̬͉͈͚̰̮̩̥̼͎̠̥͖̪̻̝̥̘͎̯̣̹͙̤͙̝̮̦̗͚̳̲͇̥͙̪̳̣̜̭̰͖͖̫̩̬͓̖͓͙͓̙̼̟͎̩̙͙̗̟͇̫̱̼̜͖̫̱̌͒̔̿͊̀̋́̊́̔̎͊͛̿͒̀̔͐̂̔̈̋̔͛̑̀̋͒̿́͑̇͊̌͛̀̉̀̿͑̉͛̔́͑̈́́̓́̐̐̿̋̃̈̏̆͊̉̃͐͗̍͐͐̿͐̑̀̔̂͂̃̌̀̓́͆͐̌̇̈̋̔͂͐̀̑̑̉̀͊̒̿̋̅̂̒͒̏̂̽̋͆̄̑́̃̉̋̎̐̒͆́̐̀͗̎͒͐̿͊͌̄͂̐̊͆̽̌̒̿́͌̿͂́̀͆̍̋͘̕̚̕̚͘̕͘̕̕̚͘̕̚͘̚̚͝͝͝͠͝͠͠͠͝͠ͅd̸̡̡̢̨̨̢̡̢̨̡̡̧̨̨̛̝̮̥̜̖̪̥͖̲͙̤̖̺̞͉͖̙͚̼͚̦̥̠̹̮͔̦͇͕̖͎̻̬̣̫̞̪̗̭̪̯͕̱̥̥͇̱̮̗̦͓͙̺̮̻̥͕͔̩̭̻̖̺̗̞̯̖̫̤̠̦̗͉͙̝̼̟̠̦̤̹͚͖̬̞̳̦̠̪̩̖̱̭̯͉̬̯͔̣͍̟̰͙̜̯̗͍̖̝̥̥̥̦̙͎̥̘͚̟̬͉̝̪̼͍̣͍̝̦͈̤̗͕͈̰̩̖̝̺̓̿̈́̑͛̓̓͆̍̾̾̔̊͗͆̅̑̍̈́̀̍̈́͛̆̽͂͊͒̈͊̒͐̃̉̇̈́̈́͋́̑̍̾̃̅͒̾̆̾̒͊̿̌̋̏̾͋̒̒̃̋́̀̌̏̃͊͗͛͂͛́̀̒̄̍̐̆̈̅̓̋̃̏̒̆̌̾̕͘̕̚̕̚͜͜͝͠͝ͅͅ ̷̢̢̧̢̧̡̡̨̧̨̢̧̨̡̡̧̢̡̧̧̨̛̛̮̬̱͖̳̣͇̥͇͖̦̜̼̯͍͈̘̹̜̜͈̖̘̳̘͚̩̤͙̦̝̹͓͉̥̺̺̩͓͔̝̺͙̖͓̭̖̤̫̠͚͉͙̘̘̺̺̝͚̲̹̥̰̫̖̳̩̱̼͕̟͖̥͍̦̫̜̭̗̯̱͖̩̦͈̯̰̫͇̼̥͔̖̱̰͇̳̤̜̯̩̠̺͔̹̗̮͙͍͓̮̘̪̗̝̻͚̰͈̠͉̠̥̗͕̩̟͉̤̤̲͍̼̝̬̟̳͇̰̖̫̱̖̼̱͖̪͚̰̦̙̝̯͎͙̭̘̫̭͎̺̼͔̣͇̱͇̪̗̰͉̬̺̞̼͈̭͕͓̞̹̪̻̳̫̖̹̻̙̥͎̳̣̤̰͎͈͍͙͕̫̟̫͖͈̰̣͔͇͙͕̝̪͈̯̪̣̻̭̹͔̣͉̩̟̲͚͔͈̘̄͒̈͆̆̓̀͌͑̈̓̉͗́̎̾͒̌̓̈̚͘̕͜͜͜͜͜ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅr̸̨̨̛̲̗̗͍̺̝̱̜̥̘̜̝̋̈́̀͂̋̉̅̽̂̽͊̇̈́̊̇͊̄̋̿̈́̈́̑̅̊́̅̑̏̈́̀͑̈́̈̄͂̿̂̍̇̿̇̔̏̎̂͆̊̍̃̾͋̉̔͋̋̋̇̏̀͐̅̉͒͋̈͊͑̌̽̋̀̽̅̔͛̏͂̄͆͋͛͆͗̉͊̀̂͘̕̕͘̚͘͘͘̕̕͠͠͝͝͝͝8̶̧̨̧̧̡̨̡̢̢̧̡̧̢̨̨̨̨̡̨̡̨̡̡̛̛̹̳̖̲̼͇̠͈̖̱̲͉͇̞̪̗̦̜̹̗̖̬̯̰̝̞͈̰̬͉͍̥͚̲̟̺̦̖͎̻͎͖̙̥͍̜͍͎̗̙̬̮͇̘̲̦̳̦͉̫͎̮͖̙̬̱͙̪̤̣̬̳͔͔͕̠̲̮̣̻̪̼̜̜̺̫̖̮͉̯̻͇̥̺̬̳͕͚̭̳͍̮̯̱̠̯̟̘̯̦͙͓͙͍̭͍̠͉̳̰̟̫͙̭̞̙̟̹͎̻̼̤̙̤͇̺̜̞̠̼̳͚͖̮͕̼̳͉͔͎͙̯͈͖͙͍̳̗͚̖̯̳̭͍̳̦͙̯̦̦̪̥̼̼̟̭̲̺͇̱͓̠̭̪̻͎̻̪͉̮̳̘͇̫̰͈̬͉̠͍̳͙̯̱͎̻̼͚̭̩̟̗̭͈̭̳̱̻̼̲̫̹̊͛̈̈́̿̅̀̿̏̒̈́̈̍̽͂̈́͌̄̆͌̾̋͒̀͐̅͆̉́̽͂̐͗̅̂̌̓͂̽̉̎̿̈͗̒̾͊͌̽̄̉̒͗͆̏͑̉̈̏͊̀̾̂̅̇̈̒̃̊̇̒̿͑̿̉̍͒͂̆̿͗̾͑̓̒̾͆̇͗͌̃͆͌͒͒̿͑͌͂̎͐̽̄̔̀̄̊̑̚̕̕͘̚̕͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͠͝͝͝͠͠͠͝͠͝ͅͅͅͅ8̵̢̨̡̨̧̡̧̢̢̢̢̢̧̢̡̧̧̨̧̡̡̨̛̛͚͇̤̬̱̣̰͕͖͖͙̠̤̫̺͉͇̗̝̤͉͔̜̹̺̱͇͓͎̦̣͉͍͈̲̜̪̰̹̼̜̪͎͍͉̫͎͔͕̭̜̥̗̺̥̟͇̹͔͈̩̻̹̟̫͔̞̮̭̲̦̗̭̞͕̱̥̘͔͈͖͚̫͇͉̳̻̙̥̫͉̫̬̣̘̦̱̙̭͓̥̦̼̜̬̝̘̹̞̞͚̱̜̖͇͈̖̘̹̘̹͍̲͍͚͙̝͓̟̝̩̙͓̖͙̲̩̗̥̣͇̬͔̗̻̠͇̦͎͎̟͚̣̪̭̜̺̣̟͚̙̻̻̙̹̬̯̖͔̖̖̣̹͕̫̮̭͈̭̪̮̳͓͍̳̥̬̭̣̻̲̬͇̺͖̫̺͙͔̜͍̬͕̹̬͇̩̬̟͕̣̮̺̖̱̱̘͈̙̥̪̱̙̳̯̦͎̥͍̙͖̱̗̭͙̖̝̘̬̜̹̭̬̳̱͎͙̪̠̭̲̙̣͔͇͔͉̮̂̓͛́̇̃̿͐́̈́̎͛̉̄̆͆̈̅̃̊̆̇̑̅̇́̈́̊̀̄̂͋̍͛̄͊̇̇̐̊̇͛͑̓̆̆͋̿̀̀̃͋͗̅̄̍͒̋͂̐̅̾̏̏̏̃̀̒̐̊̋̑̃̎̾͛̋̄̋̀̌̆̂̽̿̿̄͆̒̊͒͆͛̆̑͐̍͗̂͗̄͂͆̉̽̽͊̊̓̊̑̎̅͐͑̎̀͛̿͊͆̓͗̑̽̿̓͐͐̓̎̃̋͗͗̿̌͆̉̃̃̋̑̃͆̃̏̂̅̆̓̿̊̚͘͘͘̚͘̕̚̚̚͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͠͠͝͠͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͠͠͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅ ̵̧̧̡̨̨̡̡̢̡̨̨̢̨̧̡̡̨̢̨̧̧̡̧̧̡̨̢̧̨̨̧̛̛̬̹̗̠̯͍͚̫̞̦̬̯̣̥̺͉͚̖̯̭͈̤̖͙̗̗̩͕̝͍̰̼̰̩̤͕̘̥͔̞͈̼̘̣̖͇͎̥͔̦̭̣͉̭̲̞̦͔̬̳̙̘͇̭͙͖̪̝̺͚̯̣͎͎͙̠̯̬̜̯̻̥͉̫̺̠̖̠͙̠̙̹̯̩̳̩̪̪̞͕̤̹̬̟̜̦͎͖͓̠̗̫̦̥̮̝̺̙͈̘̞̳̫̬̙͎̟͇̳̙̬̯͍̥̖̯͎̖͎̖̘̖̣̤̭̳̮̜͖̻̪̠̦̘͈̦̖̭̱͎̩̘̺̠̖̘͇̤̹̲̬̝͇̺̬̝̹͇̤̞̩̯̥̘̬̰͕̟̜͇̞̥̙̭̰̟̪͕̣͉̰̻͔̭̳̤̞̼̲̙̩̺̙̯̺̬̞̝͇͍͍̟̻̩̯̞̭͓̦͕͙̜̳͉͔͎͎̦̝̩͈̝̥̥̱͙̠͖̰̝͖̱̥̫̽̆͗͋̏̐̽̀̽̿͆̄͌̓͛͂̈͂͒̃́͐̓͛̌̈́͆͆̅́̐͊̃͂̑͋̾̓̋͛͌͗͌̏̿̉̈́̑̀̇̀͊̎̑̃͒̊͒̐͋̋̽̀̋͗̒̎́̅̒̒̽̐̇̔̒̅́̉̄͂̆̽̆̀͌̇͒͋̉͛̿͒̌͋̅̾͐̓͂̆̊̎͌̀̓̔̃̑̎͗̊̇͆̅̂̍̄̿̔́̃͆̇̓̑̈̚̚̚͘͘̕̚͜͜͝͝͠͠͝͠͝͠͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝ͅͅͅ8̵̛̛̛̝̦͖̗̙̫̥̭̰̖̪̻̰̫̦̝͇͕̤̦̞͑̌̎̽̌̆̇̌͌͗̆̆̊̄͑̐̓̈́̒̿̌͗̐̂̑̆͌͑̾̽̐́́̾̐̅́̓̈́͋̽͌̂͆̒̓̄̍̎̿̾͑̍̀͒̾̔͐̆̄̂͐̍̅͂̽̿̌̿̔́͗̂̇͑̈̄͊͊̓͑͛̊̽͛́͒̓́̀̒̃͑͑̂̾̋͒͐̒̉̏̑͋̓̅͗̀͛̒̑̆́͒̌͌͆͗͋̂̃͐́̍̋̎̏̚͘̕͘̕͜͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͠͠͝͝t̷̢̨̢̨̧̡̡̡̨̡̡̧̢̧̡̛̛̛̛͇̤̣̱̖͓͚̦̙̩͉͉̱̲͕͈̻̤͔̝̰̰̥̼̥͈̘̘̗̗̭̗̜̹̺̳̖͔̜͇̪͎̗͕͙̗̱͈͙͙͓̙͈̣̹̞̺̙͎̗̬͓̪̺͇̹͎̼̻͔̪̯͉͉̲̯̣͚͍͓̲͓̗̼̯͕̦͔̯̞̙̤̣̼̩̫̖̤̲̘̫̟̞͖̜̲͎̩̦̥̹̼̖̝̯̺̝̭̦͇̣̫̰̹̦͕͚͕̺̩̬͔͔̝̞̣̙͔̠̳͉̲̻̦̰̣͓͎̹̺̣͉̗͔͍͍͇̜̫͎͔̗̮̻͙͔̠͕̝̯̟̯̥̳̲͓̭͉̫̭̞͇̻̭͓̱͖̯̺̬̫̤͉͍͕͈̓̾̂̇͒̽̆̄̇͗̍͆̀̽̋͒͗̿̈́̋̈́̋́͒́̇͂̈́̈̈͆̓̈̽̐̆͛̈̏̔͗̓̑̂̇͑̇̏̽̅̆͌͊̽̐̇̔̓͛̉͆̋̏̅̋͋̉̏̅̉͌͑̏̀͐̀̊̿̋̑͂̉͆̐̑̔͋͗̿̇̊̄̊̆̆̆͗̍̇͌̅̆́̑͛̿͆̒̽̈͊̾͐̊̀̃̄̂͗͋͒̎͐͂̾̑̀̂͛̽̽͑̔̒̊̆͋̒̄̑͆̑̒̆͌̆̑̓͊͂̈̂̍̈̌̋̿̏̃̔̅͂̀̐́̆̾̋̑̾̾̆͐̏̄̓́̐̑͊̆̐̏͛̆͑͑̈̓̚͘͘̚̚̚̕͘̕͘̕̕͘̕͜͜͜͜͜͠͝͠͝͠͠͝͝͠͝͝͝͠͝͝͠͠ͅͅͅͅģ̵̡̡̨̨̧̧̨̧̨̨̢̧̢̡̛̛̛̛̙̞̪̮̟͖͇͙͎̼͎̙̪̠͙̹̳͇̮̲̻͇͓̖̖̫͓͔͓̜͔̥̲͇̬̖̬͓̩̻̟͓̰͔̞̤̜̱͙̭̰̦͈̗͙̘͕͙̰̬̱̹͙̖̝̯̬̝͕̳̼͍̙̹̥̣͍͕͉̠̺̱͚̬̳̜͖̝̼̻̰̳̫̮͇̰͚̞͉̙̘̼͓̳͈̬̩̘̰̺͉͉̲̟̲̻̙̳̱̪̹̦̝̼̭͓̘͈̰͉̜͕̙͙͉͚̤͎̣̙͎̝̘͇͓͈̭͖̠̞̯̠̖̜̯̮̺̜̙͉͙̻͓͙̳̫̜̣̟̗̞̥͍̥̭̠̫̣̘͕̞̟̫̤͇͓͚̠̪͓̮̿̌̎̎̾̍͗͐͗̎̾̿̌̄́̄̔̄̂͂̄̒̍̉̆̋͋͋̀̈́̈̑̿̽́̈́̈́͒͆̽͊͋̋̈̃̐̑̓̓͑̑̐̏͑͐̍͗̒̀̅͌̒͛͒̋̍͛͑̒̀̍̄̔̅͋͗̽̇̓̇́̿̓̊̇̎̊̒͑̓̍́̈̊͋͗̍͂͑̾̍͌̌͒̍͌̀͂̑́̋̈̈̏̄͑̑̎̅̆̉͑̏̄͑̄͑̌́̍̂̏̎̽͊͘͘̕̕̚̕̚̕̚͘̕̚̚̚͘̕͘̚̕̕͘͘̚͜͜͜͜͜͜͠͝͝͝͠͝͝͠ͅͅų̴̧̧̢̨̡̧̡̧̧̢̢̨̧̢̨̡̨̢̧̡̡̛̛̛̛̛̭͕̖͖̘̮̰̦̩̮͈̺̜̫̹̬̺͍̲̝̠̠̩̻̻̙͕̞̫̹̮͈̠̗̙͉͎͉̗̖͎̫̙̮̯̜̞̝̩̟̳̱͈̰̳͍͙̙̹̝͔̣͚͍̖̱̳̤̳͚̪̘̺̼̜̰̺̘͇̯͇̜̫͎̖͇͚̙̟̣͔͈̺̤̪̟̞̥͎͔͍͙̝͕̘͓̜̣̠̥͍̜͔͔̪͚̣̻͖̙͖͈̫͙̖͙͚͇̱̱̖̥͇̠̪̞͇͔͕̟͍̳͓̠̯̙͍̫̙̳̙̞͔͕͎͓̫̲̫̰̠͚̬̫̥͈͔̟͛̄̄̽̐̉̾̍͋̈́̀̍̏̓̅̓̀͗̓̐̾̆͒̿̄̆̑̏̃͂̈͆̀͂̓̀͂̊́͌̈́͑͒̆̀̈́́̍̒̋̔̏͂̽͂͌̄̂̉̊͑̊̐͑͂͗̈͛͒̏̾̎̏̓̒͂̒͒̍͂̓̄̏͊̉̔̎͑̑̅̀̓̅͋̆̽͗̀̒͛̌̔̇̂̓͐͗̊̀̾͌̓͑́́̊̽͛̑̾͂̓̓̋̉̇̐̽̊̈̌͌́̉̂̀̓̽̀͑̈̐̑͛͂͌͊̔̿͋́͆̍̓̓̓̔͗̇̌̊̀̈͑͂̀͛͐͌̈̊̽̍̏͆͊̎͑̆̍̃̒̄̓̒̀̈̍͒͘͘̚̚̕̕͘̕͘͘͘̕͘̚̚͘͜͜͜͜͝͝͠͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝ͅͅģ̵̧̨̨̢̡̧̢̢̨̡̢̱̬̙̼̗̪̹̞̖͕̠̩̠̺̹͎̹̪̠͇͙̼͉͖͖͚̩͍̪͇̼͎̘̗͙̤̲̫̝͎̩̝͓̦̘͚̺̪̫̭̣̘̤̯͔͉̰̦̼̭̗̮̭͕̭̦̫͍̝̤̱͎̤͖͓͉͇̠̗͎̖̞͔̫̼̬̗͚̩̭̦͇̝̞͚͎͖̲̰̺̘̥̻̺̟̪͓̖̬̰̟̙̜̺̰̪̼͚͓̗̼̟͕̱͔̖̰͔̦̟̫̞̜̬̮͎̻̤̖̫͚͉̠̜̹̘̺̗̫̯̙̪͙̘̠̏̿̑̊̽̾̿̇̕͜͜͜͜͜ͅͅͅą̵̢̢̨̡̨̨̨̡̨̨̡̨̧̢̧̢̢̨̨̛̛͓̮̥͚̮͉̖̥͇̩̮͈͈͇̺̹͎͕̻̮̭̮̲̝̖͍͕̩̗̠̫̯̥̬͖͙̹͔̻̙̩̦̩̫̰̼̝̘̪̞̲̬͉̼͚̲͉̗̺̹̻̣̯̻̱̝̭̜̝̱̳̼̜͇̰̻̟̮͈̙̳̠̜͍̬̫̝̰̫̘̠͔͓̙̻̟͎̤̖̘̭̳͚̖̫̰̱̥͍̦̙̰͕͉͉̪̜̩͚̺̘̘̖̘̪̖͇̮̟͉͖̜͚̙͓̘͎̗̙̜̯͚̖̗̜̳̘̞̞̯̤̲̪̜͎̫̬̤̲̲͓͇̼̞̯̻̣͖͖͓̳̩̫͇͓͎̩͍͕̖̝͍͖̙̞̯̪͚̟̞̟̥̙͖̺̪̭̯̜͉̥̣̰̗̪͔͓̠͔̭͈͈̱̙̬̯̼͍͕̯̱̬̣̝̰͇͈͚͕̜͊͌̃͐̐̀̄͗̓̋̉̊̇͋̔̓̆͂̔̔̆͐̄̒̑́̋̇̄̇̀̇̿̉́̄̎̊͌̀͋̔́́̂̄͂̐̋̀̉̾̎͗̍̉̔̔̐̂̑͛̓̿̏͆̌͛̉̐̆̄̄͊̐̄̏̔͗͋̄͌͂̂̓̃̃̽͘̚͘̕͘̕͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͠͠͝͝͝͝͝͠͠͝͝ͅͅͅả̵̡̨̨̡̡̢̛̛̱͍̼̖̤̦̱͈̱̲̪̜͖̼̬̳̪͚̗̭̻̗̘͖̗͓̠̘̮̺̤͈̹͎̤̤̮̝͔̟̳̬͔͚̲̜̠̻͔͈͍̱̗̞͔͎̳̭͇̪̪̰̩͙̬̟̥̟̞̥̻̜̠̥̩͙̹̫̒͋͌̇͛́̄̿͛͊̅̈́̊͂͒̀͆͑̎̾́̈̒̈́́̎̓̔͐̈́̈́̑̊͗͐̌͌͑̀̄̃̀̊͌͊̈́̿̌̆͒̋͂̔͋̑̑͑̊͐̃͋́̔̿͋̅͆͌̍̂̑́͊͒̊̃̌͑͒̍̆͐̌̉̐̾͌̍̎͆͛̊̐̾̆̍̔̽̓͊̽̅̃̏̃̎͒̂̏̎̈̎̅͒̂̑̎̆̄̄̈̏̎̆̏̾̆̾͐̉̽̈̅̆͋͛̾̑̏͂̋͊̋̍͗̀͌̎̃̏̋͛̔͆̿̋̾͗̉͐̔̏̋̈́̑͗̿̉̎͊̍̇̌̒̑̄͂̐͋̐̐̐̍͂̄̅͒̾̓͛̚̕̕̚̕̕̚̕͘̕͘͜͝͝͠͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝ ̸̧̨̢̡̨̨̨̧̨̧̧̡̡̨̨̧̨̢̡̡̡̨̢̢̡̬̞͎̪̙͖͈̰̲̲͓͚̦͉̲̠̱̥̙̗͈̫̻̜̖͙̠̳͙͚͈̝͇̣̙̫̗̙̣͎̠̦̻͉̤̟̮̦̤͉͎̝̞͓̮͖̰̬͈̙̲̱̻͔̩̪̦̝͓͚̣̣̥͇̹̰͇̻̙̥̹͎̰̻̥͇͖̰̠̜͉̹̟͈̞͈̺̼̹͔͚͓̜̹̦͕̪̺̬͎̬̙̳̗̰̞̼̺̭̤͍͚̲̥͇̱̩͎͚̹̬̼̹̱͓̫̻̝͖̫̠̩̼̤͚̩̪̝̜̳̹͎̥̬̮̘̻͚̲̻͓͈̞͖̞̻̖̩͔̞̖̼̘̠̙̝̗̹̥͙̳͖͓̩̱͖͈̤̦͙̫̞͈̮͙̲̯͚̟̞͇͍͎̜͖̦̭̝͇͙̙̲̳̮̘̩̘̣̯͚̊̓̐͑͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜ͅͅͅͅͅͅd̶̡̡̢̢̡̡̨̧̧̧̨̢̡̨̢̢̡̡̡̧̢̡̧̧̡̨̗̦͇̦͙̫͔̱̺̼̪͇̣̙̠̦̪͓̖̥̱̼̫͇̺͖̥͍̫̭̫͖̟̝̩̼͚̳̩̖͉̰̤̝̞̻͎̭̺͈̞͔͇͙͇͙͉̘̦̲̯͉̖̜͉̮͕͉̥͖̰̬̰̤͇̘͔̫̻̫̤̰̲̱̩͚̝̻͇̖̭̭̰̝͈͓̬͖̤̬̰̠͉̮̳̺̗̮͉̝̞͙̠͚͓͉͔͈̖̪͉̫͚̖̘̩̹͎̮̣͚̘̭̤̮̗̥͈͔̯̳̜̳̜͙̱͇̖͚̝̻͈̞̫̟͍̬̖̥͔̰̗̙̫͕͍̤̼̻̝̜̰͖͙̫̞͙̫͈̪͕̰͓̫͕̠̥̮͖̤̺͔͉̰̭̦̺̼̫̙͓̼̦͚͓̯̮̱͎̖͎͕̹̣̯̦͍̮̼͓͖̳̼̮̖̫͐͛̿̈́͑̊̐͊̿͗͌̀̽̑̓̅̓̾̾̄̂̔͑̏͂̾͋̚͘̕͘͘͜͜͜͜͠͝͠͝͝͠ͅͅͅͅd̴̢̡̢̡̢̧̧̢̡̨̢̧̢̨̨̡̧̢̧̧̨̛̛̫͉̤̺͙̖͎̣͓̹͉̯̤̹̳̬̥̟͇̣̝̻͚͔̦̖̰̲̯͙͚̙͙̺͈̮̱͚͚̙͎͉̪̝̞̼̬̪̠̖̤̩̺̟̮̗͉͇͔̫̟̯͓̟̭̤̫̰̯͔̩̘̣̘̻̞̱̠̭͇̞͖͍̫̼͕͔̪̻̰̟̝̳̳̟͎̆̏̈́̆̌̋͑̆͛̅̉͊̈́̑̈́̓̅̑͋͆̆̉̀͛̀̄́͐͛͛̾̔̎̈͆͗̌̾̈́̒͛̓͒͌̌̀̐̓̇́̈́̀̍̒̽͌̒̐̋̌̍͂̑̓̾̂͆̿́̀͐̇̏͗̾͊̍͒͒̅͗̄̇̋̃̄̾̌͆̿͋̋̍̍́̓̽̄͗͐́͐͂̔̔͑̋͆̈͒̌̿̒̃̋̄͂̅̒̿̑̒̎̑̽̿̾̆̔̅͒͘̕͘̚̚̕̚̕͘͘̚͘̚͘͘͜͜͜͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠ͅ ̴̨̡̢̡̡̡̡̡̡̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̲̟̹̳̻͙̼̮̪̞͚̻̯̘͉̱͖͉͖̟̙̤̝̭̤̪̝̩̻̯̥̻͎̣̮̭̗͇̰̞̟̣͈̦̘̭͕̼̲̬̤̻̣͖͎̥͍͔̰͕̪̥̞̬̤̟̙̦̥͙̞̾͆̐̉́̿͒̐̐̽̔̌̂̊͋̀́̿̅̆̌̈́͐̈́͒̔̎̀̑̏̔̋̐̐̍͗̓̆̋̅̿͗̈́̈́͐͆̂͗̊̆̓͗̀͂̎̑̋̀́͋̑̍̑̿̋͛̓̅̏̓̏̒͊̊̂͋̅̀̉̍̄͆̑̒̄̇̏̌̌̆͂͑̆̿͒̂̇̉͐͑̆͗̽̈͛̽̾͐̅̾̈̈͆̽͑͆͂͆̎̾̄̏̏̇̎̉̎̉͗̎̿͆̊̔̉͂̑̽̓̆̕̚͘̚̚͘̚̚̚̕̚̚̚͜͝͝͝͝͠͠͝͝͝͠ͅͅŗ̷̢̧̛̛͔͓̞̫͓̪̥̜͇̘̥̼̲̜͎͍͚̼͎͕͔̜̞̫̜̘̜̹̹̮̻̗͈̫̹̪̖̯͇̥̣̺̠̳͖̬͎̼̞̖͓̼̫̜̠̱̲̰͔̰̞̩̯̞͎̗̺̤̹̮̼̣͈̥̻̠̹̪̙̗̳̉̄̎͐̅̆͗̊́̾̒͑̅͒̔̉̄̀̏̔̏͆̄̒̏̈́́̉̓́̀̈́͂̀͌̇̏̅̓̍̂̓̌̋̄̄̂͂̈̑͊̈́̾͑̏̔́́̑̂̓̑͌͌̆̐͛͐̍̊̐̿̒̃̏̿̑̒̊͌̎̇͆̆͊̽̿̐̑͋͌̃̊̌́̎̌̉̿̈̃̃̐͊̄̃͆̈̒͊̏͘̚͘̚̕͘̕̕͜͠͝͠ͅͅͅ8̷̨̨̧̛̛̛̲̫̞͔͔͙̜̤͖̠̖͈͈͙͕̯̫̞̞͕͕̣̘̜̹̠͔̯̭̬̱͍̪͙̺̭̤͈̣̹͔͉̬̰͓͍͍̩̰̯̣͉͈͎͍̠̫̱̞̭̲͍̹̖̯̭͓̣̹̯̭̜̲͔͈̦̬̏̀̅̓̽̓̓̓̇̾̓̍̃̾̀̈́͐̈́͐̃̍̈́̀̀͊̓̆̀̒͒̈́̐̎̔̒̽͗͑̔̂̽̎͛̑̂̈́̾͒̇̿̅͑̈̈͋̔͂̌́̿͐͂̄̏̌̓̋͑͆͊̄͗̄̾̾̏͒̂͐͋̊͊͊̎͋͊͆̉͒̽͆̄̄̄̽̊͌̂̿͂̏́̅̀͒͒̆̇̄̍͛́̽͌̀̃̎̄̆̔͑̿̾̉̏͆̋͊͌͐͘̕̕̚̚̚̕̕͘͘̚͝͠͝͠͠͝͠ͅ8̵̧̢̨̨̢̧̢̡̢̡̧̧̧̡̢̧̧̢̧̨̡̧̢̛̛̛͕̗̤̠͓̺̮͉̫͓̯͚͙͍̮̼͖̳̥̘̱̦̼̖̩͖̪͚͚̳̟̳̳͕̻̻̫͚͚̤͔̩͍͎̗͍̜͙̦̩̼̩͚̫̲̯̞͉͈̯̫̼͚̮͍͖͎̖̩̝̹̩̥̤̲͖̮̜͙͖̗̺͖̪͍̤̦͉̞͓̥̤͉͎̤̗̹̖̦̳͚̬̳̩̜͈̖̤̗̝̜̩̫̫͍̗̠͙̤̦̰̭͙̲̻̬̳̪̻̪̹͔̳̳͚͎̖̝̗̜̼̬̘͕͍̬̲͎̭͎̹̭̪̯͖͈͓̞̙̪̪̠͍̗͇̰̻̙̖̳̥̬̗̹͚̬͖̺͓͍̣̞̰͇̪͈̮͉̞̲̠͈͍̠͈̤̼̤͍̮̭͓͍̦̹̙͓̻͍̞̩͉͎̘͍̩͔̘̻̅̓͒̀̇͋̇̃̍̅̎̏̆̽̈́̊̏́̅͂̽̀̌͌͌̿̈̾̈́͐͆̌͑̾̎͗̋͛̽̿̽̽̎̈́͂̈́͑͊̅̌̄́̅̊̐̉̍͂̆̃̀̆̏̄͆͋̐͛̆̓͐̂̆͂̄͋͆̍̾̔̐̋̋͂̐̎̏̊̾̓͂̐̊̂̆̌͊̽͊̍̔̊͒̄̔̀̎̏̂̈̎̌̿͌̐̑͛͌͒̉̂̈͗̀̄̏̿͋͂͋͐̿̎͗́͊̽͆̇̾͐͗̾̍̅̑̇̃̓̈̇̄̈̑̓͌̀̀̅̃͒̓̀̒͛̍̑̑̀̆̋̽͒̋́̿̉̉̑̄͒̋͐̽͑̀͂͛̑͋͗͛̌̒̐̒̇̅̆͐̿̈̽̈̓̐̊͘̚͘̕͘̚̕͘̚̕͘͘͘̕̕̕̚̕̚̚͜͜͜͜͜͠͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅ ̴̢̨̡̢̡̧̨̡̡̢̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̰̳͉̺̺̭̰̞̪̰̬̤͔̤͚̯̬̤̻̮̘̼̱͚͙̹̲̝̩̜͇̦̱͎̹̯̳̰̙͚̳͈̹̘̥͇̺͈͉̳̬͔̻̞͚̲̱͚̭̬̜̟̺͍͔̜͕͈͚̻̲̺̦̖͙̜͈͕̳̼̖͙̗̺̠͕̯̫̬͇̠͕̲̪͕̪̹̘͈̻͇̞̳̗̦̳͉͈̫̖̳̹͚͈͈̥̻̻̥̼͓͇͈̳̱̬́̽̌̊͗̌͊̐̍̈́̑̍̽͑̉̉͂͂̓͐͛̾̍̆͐͌͋̂̾̀͌̾̍̊̐̉̿͋́̈́͌̀͐͊͗̌͑̐͑̈̽̅̓́̒̏͌͒͆̊̇̀̅͑̋͐̑̅̍͑͆͐̎́̃̍̃̏̓̃́̈̔̀̌͒̿̋̐̎̽͐̏̌̉͂͆͋̾̑̂̓̈́̅͋͗̅̇̓̽̉̓͛̿̀̃͋̍́̅̒̽͊̓̐̎̋̔͛̓̈̃̂̒̍͂͗̌̓̇͆̐͐̌͒͌͌͒͂̓͂̑̂̏͐̉̍͂̈̕͘̕͘͘̕͜͜͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅ8̷̡̨̧̧̢̢̧̧̧̨̢̡̨̧̢̧̧̨̧̡̡̢̨̨̛̛̛͇͖͖̩̞̜̬̘̱̥̳̮̰̯̰̖͓͕̬̘̪͍̦̤̣͙̪̯͇̣͍͙̲̗̩̫͎͇̥̩̭̬̼̝͇̮͖̙̗͖̲͈̫̦̻̳̙̙̝͔͓̬̞͎̮̭̖̦͕͖̞̙̰̝̗̖͚̯͔̜͙̠̦͚̘̖̬̯̗̺̹̺̳̠͔̰̺̮͔̲̻̪͙̤͍͚͍͉̱̱͉̤̦̬̻̪̤͎̣̞̤̝̩̹͈̖̞͎͍̪̬͓̹͔̫̱̭͔̰̹͙̦̹̗͉͓̣̩͕̱͔̼̼̼̭͕̠̹̦̼̺̤̹̜͈̩̪̱̜̠̗̰͚̪͚̞̦̫̫̥͖͈̮͖͎̺͖̱͚͎̠̪͔̥̫͈̺̣͔͖̼͚̫̯̭͉̰̗̻̬͇̜̭̫̮͉͔̯̻̺͉͇̲̼͇͈͕̹̞̗͚͉̦̬̲̝̤͚̣̦̻͖̦̘̗͇̯͚̩͉͈̹̽̿͗̒͌̀̓̋̌͛̓̊̑̎͆̐̈́͌̎̈́̊͊̐̐͐̊̆̈́̆̐͊͋̈́͑̓͛͗͌̍͋͆̿͛̆̍̿̈́̽̀̽̇̎̀͆̃͛̎̃̏̽̑̅̀̉͗͊̏͌̏̈͐̉̆̍͒̋̃̅̐́͆̍̔̍͑̄̏̿͑̽̋͊̐̄͆̃̒͂̄͐̔͒̃̈̎͗̀̎͌̃͂̍̀͆͋͆̉͌͐̐̊̍͌̃̎̍̍͒̋̑͌͗͐̐̄̑̃̽͐͆͑͌̀̿̑͒̾̋̿̉͑͌̎͆͊̚̚̕͘͘̚͘͜͜͜͜͝͝͠͝͠͝͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅţ̷̡̡̨̨̨̡̢̨̢̡̢̧̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̞̰̘̝̭͓̹̗͔͖̳̣̱͉͔̗̗̲̭̼̗̞̺̞͍̯̥̖͈̙̹̥͍̯̟̭̺̞̣̘̖͓̤͎̣̻̫͚̬̼̱̬̟̦̺̩͕̙̻̻̖̗͇͕̗̟̯͉̦̬̖͚̼̠̟̜̳͇̞̯̜̩̠͔̞̠̙̞̙̖͓͙͈͚͕̥̺͕͉̲͔̰̽̑̔͗̂́̊̓͂̇͗̈́̅̐͋̑̐̊̍̅̏͊̏́̊̀͊̓́̃̆̇͗̽͛̈́̿͑̎̈́̎͐̑̀͂̆̽̾̒̾͊̈̓̆̏͆̈̈̏̄̅̔̂͐͊̒̆́̃̋̋͌̀̋̊̾͐̂̃̽́̐̀͋̆̓̔͒̅̔͂̈̾͆̽̾͒̊̀̒̍͑̔̍̍͗̃̀͋̈̐͋̐̎̑͑̃͊̿̆̏̎͒̒̒͗͐̆̊̋̉̅̋̌͗͛͗̎̐̇̀̇̊̔̎̍̉̊͂̋͆̐̌̔̆͂́̎̐͂͛̈́͂͆͑́͂̈̈̿̇̑͛̚̚̚̚̚̚̚̕͘̚̕͘͘̚̕̕͝͠͠͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͠͠͝ͅͅͅg̸̢̡̧̨̢̨̨̨̧̨̨̧̡̧̨̨̧̡̢̛̘̳̪͓͍̗͙̺̰̭̞͎̠̮͖͈̠̠̩̰̼͉̠͎͉̯͉̱̲͚̘̬͉̺̝͙̪̮̟̺̤̙̥̤̙̮̻͕͔̖̞̟̻̙̥͔̼͙̝̘͉̦̤͖͍̥͎̖̟̘͈̞̘̳͉͓̖͎̻͈̩͚͈̭͚̖̘̮͙͉̬̱͖̹̳͓̭̭͇̘͈̞̥̤̰̙̟̣͈̟̘̠̬͙̙̞͎͕̩̈́̀̐͋͋͋̿̓̀͂͂͛͒̈́̀̃̈́͆̀̈́͋̒̿̊̏̈́́͋̍̀͊̓͊̋̈́͌̀̄̃̈́̍̈̈́́͗͑͛͑͋̀̑͑̏̌̓̐͌͛͑̇͋̂̏̆̄͌̒̆̽̌́͋̓̋̆̒͒̾̃͑͆̽̎̍͂̔̌̌͌͗̾͐̊̉͛͆̆̐̒͆̇͆̿̓̃́͌̏͆̍͛̔̐̌̑̐̿̾͒̎̆̚̚̚̕͘̚̕͘̕̕̕͜͜͜͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠ͅͅų̵̡̧̧̧̛̛͙̮̖̥̮̠̤̯̦̱̝̗͈͎̰͚̣̠̝̺̘̥͎͇̺̟̫̮͈̩̱͎̲͍͇̼̃͊̐̆̾̂̊̇̓̀̄̑̒́̇̿́̓̍̆̑̃͛̀́̒̈̆͑̐̓͗͌̾̉̏̑̍̇̅̿̌̓̌̒̉̔͌̍͒̑̊͗̐̔̓̐̿̀̎͗͌̏͌̃͐̌͛̋̇̂͒̇̆͐͂͂͆͊̅̄͘͘̚͘̚̕̕͝͝͝͠͠͠͠͝ͅģ̶̢̡̡̧̡̧̢̢̢̨̡̛̛̛͉̪̠̫͙̳̱̠̦̝͈̩͈̫̟̞̟̝̫̣͕̱̫̰̖̹̘̗̠̺̠͎̪̪͎͓͖̪͚̖͉̱͍͙̱̪̤͕̼͇͙̻̩̰͙̻̲͔̥̯̱̫͈̮͉̖̙͎̥͉͈͉̯͖͖̘̱͙͕̼̫̯̭̤͔̭̭̦͈͔̯̱̲̭̻̺̭̰̫̜͎͉̠̟̬̬̰͓̮̗̞̥̦͈͕̞̙͈̲̺̙̼̬̥̦̯̩̺̱̼̣͔͎͕̝̩̱̗̄̀̓͒̇͂͒͗͑͗̐̀̿͛̀͐̆͌̿̿͌̌̾̋́̅̀̀͆͂͗́̔̐͛̎́͊̊̃̆̈́́͛̈́̊̽̇͛̆͂͂̂̂̂͂͒͒̀̍̾̎͒͐̉̆̾͗̐̓̽̔̄͒͐̾̎̉͗͂͑̈̅̿̍̉͆͒̏̇̅͛͐́͛̇̇̊̀̆̆̽͋̾̔̆̀̍̾͛͂̉̒̑̈̐̑̓̋̓̊̑̀̽̽̾̄̓͒͗́́̊̆̎̋͛̚͘̕̕̕͘͘͘̚̚̕͜͜͜͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͠͝ͅͅa̶̡̢̡̢̧̨̨̢̨̧̡̨̧̡̧̡̧̡̢̢̡̢̢̨̞͖͍̤̪̫̤̮͔̝̫͍͚͔̳͚͖̝̘̤͚̼̹͉̭͚͉͙̜̜̪͓̩̦̻̗̟͍̳͔͓͕̺͖͎͖̮̘̫̱̲̰̜̰͈̮̠̟̝̞̥͈͇̹̭̩͙̤̺̝͈̼̥̜͕̝̖͖̹̯͖͈̤̣̱̭͇͖̫͔̫̻̥̻̮̦͍̬̖̥̲̫̖̙̳͇͇͇̲̗̘̜̲̮̲̗̬͖̻̩͕͚͔͖͕̥̝͎̮̮͕̬͈͖̯̝͚͍̱̻̺̹̳̟̲̲͉̳̗̥̮̻̖̮͍̦͚͖̩̙̤͓͚̥̗̭̟͚̥̣͇̹̹̣̺̠̫͓̹͚̫͍̳̳̦̗̲̯̝̲͓̮̹̬̭͕͉̱͍̯̻̖̹͖͔͈̖̣̞̦̰̰̯̥̭̯̗̖̩̜͔̭̦͖̞͖̪̙̥͓͓̰̰̩͚̼̫͎͖͉̹̘̝̯̤͖͑̑̂̑͛̓̄̊̐̉̾̈̏͑͋͌̋̔́̽̌̈̆̓̄̃̔͆̓͘̕̚̕͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͝ͅͅͅͅả̸̧̧̧̧̡̧̧̢̧̡̧̡̡̡̢̛̛̛̛̛̛̹̞͙̹̤̟̬͚͔̹̮̥͉̲͕̲̩̩͓̮͍̤̪̘̮̮̖͈͓͉̘̗͖̤͎̤̬͎̼̩̤̯̝͉͙͙̮̖͖̪̺̝̟̰̠̰̯̱̼̹̜̼͍͕̞͔̣̩̥̗͈̰͈̯͇͔̲̪͓͈͕͖̦̞̖̝̠͇͈̰̫̼̥̺͕̥̬͇̝̬͚̬̮̦̞̟̲̻̖͎̜̠͕̭̻͖̟͔̹̗̩̺̻̤̰̝͖̫̯͇͉͍̫͚̪̞͓͍̮͇̟͈͓̺̭̞̟̲̭̮̙̗͓̩̯̟̲͍̲̣͈͍̬̯͙̬͚̜̠̹̳̺͎͖͕̮̐̋͗̈͆̈̎́̓̀͒̅̊͋̈̓͋̽̎̾͂̀̌̀̒̒̓̔́̆̈́̌͒̑̈͊̐̂̄̌̊͒͆͛̃͂͋̎̌͋̐̑̈͆̾̈̽̂́̎̀̋̉͂̍͂̍͒͆͋͌͌̄̈̓̐́͒̎̈́͆͑͒̎̈̾̑̿͑̆̐͗̇̉͛̿̍̔́̊̅͑̈̾̾̌̄͛̋̏͑̾̂͛͆̎͐̈̾̍͌̇̐̎̄͐̿̌̇̃̽̂̒͆́̀͆͛͂̓̄͐̎͘̚͘̕̕̚͘̚̕͘̚͜͜͜͜͠͠͝͝͠͝͝͠͝͠ͅͅͅͅ ̵̧̢̨̧̛̛̛̛̛̭̱̠̦̼̜͖̭̳͓̺̦̠̱͖̬̟̘̯̖̯̭̪̥̤̺̗̮̝̖̦̦̻͚̜͈̮̘͙̲͓͍̤̬̪̬̹͎̖̩͎̥̘͓̠̦͇̙̲̝͔͙̂̀̇͋̏̌̈́͆͑͗̿̓̐͐͗̿̂̀̾͂̈͐͌̆̌͗̀̋̓̾͑̿͐̀͗̀͆̈̈̇̆̾̑͊̈́͂͛̍́͌̆̔͛̆̄́̎͊̇͌̀̾̐̊̽̄̅̎͒̽͌̐͛̿͗̉͑̅̍͗̿̽͐̆́͋͊͒͌̂̈̍̊͐̋͂̏̑̑̑́̽̔̂̎̌͗̋̓̓̊̿͛̐̌̂̌̽͆̒̂̓̌̄͗̉̀̎̾̆͐͗̋̇͋́͛̈̊͒̃͆̄̉͂͆̇̿͛̈͒͑͋͒̆̊̊́̅̈͌̅̅͂̀͛͛̿͊̽̂̂͐͂̓̋̃̂̅͂̋̄̅̑̿̂̒̆̆̃͑͐̄̍̎̀͗̄̋̎̐͂͋͛̉̿̃̅̾̒̕̚̚͘̚̕̚͘̕̕̚͘̕̚͘͘̚͘͘̚̚̚̕̕̕̕͜͜͝͠͝͠͝͠͝͝͠͠͝͝͠͝͝ͅͅḑ̴̛͓̰̹̳͍͍̲͙̱̩̫̟̦̜̤̝̱̻̱̺̍̒́͒̀́̈́̾͒̚̚̕d̸̡̨̡̡̨̢̡̧̡̨̡̨̡̥̘͔͈̠̙͓͙̖̞̘͈̩̻̝̩̟̳͈̖̬̲͉̻͕͓̘͉̻̫̝͚̱͇͙͍͎̭͇͙̙͓̯͙̗̣͈̖͔̠͉͕̥͎͈͉̥̠͎͈͍̩͍̭̤̳̮̼̱̰̭͍̘̰̣̻̰̝͇̝̞̥̦̠̳̯̺̺̟̱̜̩̰̬̩̼̻͓̺̞͕̜͇̪̤̹̰̭̻͇̭̳͓̼͓̭͖̖̣̼̯͔͎̲̳͇̜̼͎͙̝̼̬̟̞̬̦̙͎̣̙̟͉̳̱̲̙̟̜̯̻͚͇̯̙̥͚͓̣̜̬̼̣̫̺͍̫̠̠̘͉̙̮̭̺̦͍̘͙͖̼̭͈̟̙̬͚͓̺͍̠̖̮̘̦̟̪͇̿̍͋͗͑̒̒̈̈́̃̀͂̽̎͒͑͒̑̀̈́̊͘̚͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅ ̶̡̨̡̡̡̨̡̡̢̡̢̡̡̧̡̢̢̢̨̢̢̫̞͉̫̭̝̬̟͔̣̯̙̳̭̫̥̟̩͍͈̫̻̜̝͇̦̦̳͎̩̼̗̝̹̫̹̦͔̼̗̼̱͉̹͙͙͈͔̟͙̹̣̫̘̥̮̘̟͓̺͙̗̗͙̝̭̬̹̱̜͓̦͓̯̘̘̮̱̭̲͓̘̳̫̗͍͖͔̲̠͖̙̘͉̱̗̥̹̭̮͙̥͓͕̱̱̖̰͙̱̟͙͚̲̳̟̗̮̼͇͚̪̲͙͓͈͇̜̱͙̣͉̞͓͍̝̰̳͖̼̙̱͇̮̗͇̦̙͉̻̫͉̩̹͙̦͙̯̹̟͎͎͎̩̝͉̺̥̗͓̟̪̬̜̟̤͍̖̞̹͈͇̝͎̹̝̣̯̘̫͓͍̥̬̞̭͈͇̞̞̣̣̦͉̦̦͍͔͈̝̝̞͖̘͙͚̻͓̗͍̪͈͕̞̩̠͍̦̬̰̤̟̦̯̳̈̀͌͊͗̈̓̽̈͋́̒͆͛̈́̂͋́͑͋̿͊̑̑̊͒͒͛̓̐̔̍̈́̄͒͗̌͂̋́́̍̉̔͆̚̕̕͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅṟ̷̡̧̨̢̧̢̧̡̧̡̧̨̧̢̡̛̛͓̝͙̻͍̠̰͍̮͎͚̺̰̗̹̱͔̞̦̗̳̳͈̹̙̞͚̞͍̣̝̦͚̼̬͙͔͚̰͎̞̰̗̫̠͓̜͔͖̪̟̪̘̞̹̭̥͚͓̟͔͖͈̖̯͚͙̦̝̤͕̼̤̟̝̳̞̬͍͍͖̱̥̥͎̖̼̻͕̥͕̣̝̞̤̪̖̖͖̺̫͔̣̣̩̙̥̜̦̩̙̝̱̤͇͕̤̠̦͙͇̘̺̼̥̱͖̩̖̠͙̯̳̳̥̖͙̯̣̘̹̗͓̩͙̳̅̎͒̅͌̔̈̇̒̉̒͆͑̔̂́̒̃̌̆͑͒̀̔͑͒͋̂̄̂̈́̒͒͌̄̓̐̾̈́̌͋̓͊̈̒́̿͊̈́͋̀͛̐̂́̍͂̎̎̒͆̉̿͊͌͌͛̃͌̒͐́̋̌̽̊̓͂́́̄͒̎́̿̓̌̑̕͘̕͜͜͝͝͝͝ͅͅ8̵̢̢̨̡̢̧̧̧̨̢̨̡̡̧̡̢̡̡̡̢̨̨̧̢̢̛̺̮̯̞̲̥̩͍̦̜̰͖͎̼̣͕̬̣͍͎̖͔͎̻̪̦͈̙͔͉̭̝̥̘͔͙̩̥̘̯̝̫̠̖̥̠̳̦̪̥̝̞̮̻̝͍̯͉͈̻̫̮̲̳̘̲̝̼̜̘̥͖̪̣̖̮͍̩̱͍̮̻͓̰͚͍̦͍̝̜̭̜̬̬̹͈͔͕͓̩̙̜̜̫͍̻͔̟̲̹͈͉̝̹̘̗͇̘͖̝̳̖͙͖͈̦̲̥̲̟̼̳̰͙͓̤͎͍̰̺̫͓̮̹̬̱̤̘̣̫̞̳͖̦̦̲̦͕͕̹̫̗̼̼̹͔͈͕͖̱̠̲̻͔̺̦̹̟͉̞̲̥̞͈̥̩̫̖̖̫͖̭̯̠̙͕̗̰̗̻͎̭̘̥̖̣̟͇̮̹̗͇̟̳̦̲͚̣̹̰̖̜͕͕͇̭̜̩͓̳͇̯̗̮͕͎͈̺̩̯̙͙̺̞̝̝̯̰͇͇̣̫͔͆̐̊̄́̒̊͂̎͆̒͋͑̈̀͊̈́̇͐̽͋̎̀̑͆͛́͋̑͘͜͜͜͜͜͜͠ͅͅͅͅͅͅ8̶̢̢̡̡̢̧̡̢̛̹̫͙̝̱͕̻̜̟͇̠̠̙͍̟̼̘͓̥̣͇̟̭̟͓̰̞̹̮̩̯̘̻̞̺̟̘̭̙̙̬̳͙͓̭͈̣͙̟̙̮̤͚̰͎͇̝̠̠̜̯͇̥̤̳̭͔̝̠͙̘̣͖̱̮̺͍̰̳̙̉͌̓̍͐͋͛̑̀́̅̑͛͋͐̈͌́̽̿̀́̑̈́͌̔͂͛̀̃̍́̽̽͊̓͑̓̈́̃̈̈̑̐̂͛͌́͌̋͛̐͋͂̓͆̽̊͂͌͌̿̉͂̈͂̾͊̒̒̇̒̐͂̓̇̒̔̊͆̌́͒̈̾̀̏̽̽͊͘̚̕̚̚͘͘͘͘͘̚͜͜͝͝͝͠ͅͅ ̶̡̨̢̢̨̧̛̛̛͎͎̤̹̤̗̭̣̗̭̳̤̪͚̜̜̣̮͖̦̦̹͖̦͚̟̬̹̗̠͙͚̰̗̫͇́̂̅͌͐̓̓̈̒̾͊̔̎͆̅̍̉̎̑̇̒̊̌̅̔̆̅͂̾̈́̊̏͑̓̒͂̓̄̽̇͌̾͐͐̑̓͛̏́͛̀̽̋̆͛̾͑̇̆̋̔̇̓̊̋̂̐͆̾͆͐̉̈͛̎̌͆͗͐͌̓̓̊̊̓͊͆̏̽́̉̊͆̾̅͑́͂̌̉̑̀̽̇͋̏̀͊̃͊̾̍̇͛̌̿̆̇̊͌̉͐̿͛͊̑̏̔̒̋̿͒͒̇̍̿̐̅͗͑͆̂̾͗͊̃̽͋̄͒̕͘̕͘͘̚͘̚͘̚͘̚̚̕̕͘͠͝͠͝͝͝͠͝͠͝͝͠͠͠8̷̢̡̨̢̨̢̨̨̡̨̢̧̢̧̨̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̼͈̣̜̰̟̠̟̼̞̮̤̞̱̟̬͎͔̯͎̹͈̰͔͍̣͖̘̗̪̘͖͔̰̯͉̻̳̘͍̫̙͓̲̖̺͚̭̼̘̹̯̬̪̮͉̹̳͚̮̳̬̱̦̯̜̗̯͖̼͚̱̙̥̭̝͈̳̙̻̰͉̺̼͖̝̼̜̱̖͔̻̱̻̟̙̖͚̰͇͖̠͈͔̝͔̘̺͉͔̭͇͕̙̯̪̣̣̟̳̟̮̗͊̇͒̐̔̂̽̀̍͑̔͗͋̆̓͐̂̾̒́̅̔̉̐͛͊̾̒̀͐͗̌͒̃͊̃̆̈́̀̒̔͛͊͋̒̾̈́͐̅̊̇̊̿͆͒͑̿̉͋̋̀͐͒̇͐̃̏̒͐̐̽̓̏̾́͛́̉̂̅͗͒̂̒͊̈͆̒͌͑̀̊͗͆͊͑̄́̂́̊͋̆̿͌̎̀̓̄̄͊̈́͑͐̀́̔̃̽́̉͐̆̿̋̄͂͐̆͛̌̌̌̏͒̇̐̂̏͂̇̿͐̈̽͂͋̒̆̆́͑̎͗̎͒̽̈̇̀̂̍͌̇̍͆̄͒͗̃͗̐͒͊̿̏̿̆̈̐̑̍̓̓̒̌̇̔̐̽̾̒̋͗̐̇͆͒͗̂̌͆̉͊̀̕͘͘͘̕̚̕̚̚͘̚̕̕̕̚͘͘͜͠͠͝͝͝͝͝͠͠͝͠͝͠͝͠͝͝͝ͅͅͅͅṯ̷̢̨̢̧̧̡̢̨̡̢̧̨̨̢̧̡̪̞͉̦̻͈̲̗̞͎̦̠̞̹̟̲̞̼̝̬̣̠̪̤̼̳̹̗̺̞͔͚̯̩̬͍͎̰͉̝̳͉̩̺̣̯̹͔̣̫̞̦̳̯̲͕̝͖͍̰̮͇̻͙͉̥̠͕̰̰̩̪̗̣̰͉̲̯̫̰͔̲̩̞̟̥͕̦̠͓̘̦̼͉͉̯̟̱̣̯̤̻͖̣͓̳̦̤̝͈̗̹̜̹̱̲̩̽͋̌̆͌̈́̇̀̔̄̍̀̈́͑͌̀̎͌̐́͑͒̕͘̚͜͝͝͝ͅͅͅg̴̡̢̨̡̨̡̢̢̡̨̢̨̨̢̧̧̢̨̺̭̣̹̰̙̥̠̭̗̥̰̟̯̬̻͍͉̻̥̤͙̙̦̝̝̥̖̣͇̞͓̫̜̙̮̠̣̥̙͎̝͕̗̤̪̗̠͉͎̫̰̘̳̦͚͖̜̰͇̬̬̠̹̖̱͉͎͖̘̩͙͕͉̫̦̹̭̹͙͙̥̫̲̩͎͍̙̘̼͔͓̖͚̟̭͖̙̟̬̰̹͙̮̞͈̹̩̯͙̦̟̩͍͇̮̣̻͚̞͖͔̬̪̭͕̯̗̦̬͚̘͚͎͎̯̘̫̰͍̼͍̘͚̳̦͔̻̥̝͍͙͈̪̣̲̳̗̜̝̳͎̺͇͈̦̻̤͉͍͖̠̬̪̗͇̟̼͓̻̠͎̙̗̦̤̰̗̼̺͚̠̩̰̞͕̘͈̬̩͖̪͙̭͈̠̳͚̱̮̞̘̪̼͇̻̤̥̺̯̮̥̻̠̝͔̫̪̙̓̀͊̓͊̏̓̌̑̽͐̓͂͒̊͛̈͌́̏̅̃͒͛̂̊̏̊̋̊̍̍͛̀̋͐̌́͂̄͂̀̔̑́̏́͛͂̔͂̋̃͗̆̄́͗̄̄̾͗̃̑̃͂͑͗̔͒̂͗͆̉̄͛̋̋̈́̿̃͊̋͋̿́̿͊̌̓͊͑͛̏̄̽̇͂͑̅̕̚̚̕͘̕̚͘̕̕̕͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͠ͅͅͅų̴̧̢̨̧̡̢̡̨̧̡̧̡̢̡̢̢̨̡̨̢̧̨̨̡̢̡̡̧̛̛͖͎̤̣̘͔̘̰̣̪̬̦̻͖̻̩̮̫̲͈̺͖̩̭̜̘͓̥̭̠̻̗̗̗̻̜̭̩̹͎͉̞͈̟̟͍̯̫̬̬̼̞̮̹̯̫̼͕͓̘͖̯͖̞̗̪̝̝͙̣̙͎͎̟͎̲̤̦͈̦̼̣͎͎͓̝͇̲̤̱̗͍̗̝̘̳͎̘̮̮̟͚̩̦̫̝̞̦̜̘̺͉̯̼̹̦̝̰̠̘͇̩̯͚̬͔͙̺̭̫̗̦̞̳͈̱̠͕̬͙̖̟͉͓̣̱̳̺͕̫͕̯̻̻̻̤̭̼̯̫͈̥̺͇̹̦̟̩̪̩͚̯̪̯̤̜͙̳̦̜̪̜̮̪͍̻̗̘̪̩̯̬̗̲̬̻̠̣͓̻͓̰͈̠͈̣̞͉̳͚͙̹̼͍̺̙̣̬̟͕̖̰̯̮͉̟̖͉̲̞̯͑̿̄́̂̈́͒̾̈́̈̍͊̓̀͌͗̍̉͂̈͛̃̏͆̈̌̓̾̄̓̾̔͛̊̏̆̽̆̃̈́̀̏̈́͗̽̔̀̇̆̀̊̾̾̀̄̊̇͒̓̆̋͌̄͌̽͌̈͋̂̃̆̐̂̊̄̽̐̎͋͑̿̍͆̄̒̃͌͗̔̂̔̆̃͊̃͆̽̈͛̂̒̔̆̄̏́̋̽͋̑͗̌̏̊̂̑̋̂̄͐͗̀̌̏̂̔̅͊͒́̈͛͊͊̒̀͊̋̊͑̃̑̋͋̿͗̿̓͆͗̃̒̊̒̊͆̄̔̿͐͐́̉̄̏͒͐͂͂̊̔̎̂͒̿͑̊̍̂͌̋̈̒͆̅̾͒̆͂̓͐̍̇̉̆̐̉̐͛̉̉̈̒̋̅̂͊̐́̋̽͋̔̊̎͐̈̃̓̐̕̕̕͘̚̕̕̚͘͘͘̚͘̚͘͘͘̕͘̚̕͘͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͠͝͠͝͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅǵ̵̢̢̧̡̢̢̡̧̡̨̢̢̢̨̧̡̧̧̡̢̛̛̛̛̛͎͖̟̟̳̗̫̟̯̜̺̪̙̮̹̗̹͕̩̫͍͙̻̣̣̰̪̝̹̭̯̘͉̞̼̠̺̣͇̹͍̻͎̻̲͚͔̯͕̫̜̳̱̞͙̖̮̦̯̹̬̳͖̼͈̯̱̭̤̫͉͉̟̮̱͇̖͔̤̪̲̝̺̣̯̞̲͎̤̳͓̣̟̜͙͇̯̖̦͎̫͉͓̝̻̙̱̞͙̠͖̮̩͚͚͉̤̲̞̪̜͖͎̜͍̤͎͉̺̣̪̬̻̮̪̖̫̮̺̱̟̞͚̼͕̗͙͔̤̫̼̦̙̩͚͓̭̞̹̪̯͉͍̻͍̳̹̫̲͚̝̥̞͚͔̝̟͈̼͈̪̝̖͙̣͖̬̣̯̣͇̹͇͙̦̥̥͐͋̇͐̾́͆͛̑͆͑̈̐̄͗̏̊̈́̓̍̎̉̈́̀͒̓̿̂͛̾͌̃̎̀̈́̈́̊͂̾̈́̂̌̊̎̍̈́̔̎̇̿̃̐͌̿̋̆͌̆̆̐͆̇͆͗̅͐̐̔͑̉͆̑̇͛́̐̏͑̓̏̑̈̿̌̽͋́̅̿͑̌̊̾̕̕͘̕̕̚̕͘̚̚͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͠ͅͅͅͅͅa̴̢̨̨̢̧̨̨̛̛̛̛̛̱͖̠̟̱̞̟͔̬̜̮͍͔̱̫̖̩̘͚͈͙͔͇̹̖̱̼͖̜̫̖̱͇͚͚̻̭̪͖͔̯̺̼̯̖͓̰͎̳͉͕̜̦͍͕̮̱͍̞͙͙̭͚̲̝͊̆̏̆̎̉͒̈́̈́͋̽̆̅̈́̎̽͗͛̏̀̈́͌̾́̄̐̈̉̓̈́̀̓͆̂́̽̓́́̓̇̿̀̊͌̆̈̓̾͆́̑͌͐̿̒̔͒͒͋̌͌́̾̏͆̇́͌̇́̒̈̑̿͗̃́̇͆̑̏̊͊̎̌͑̍̓̎̊̉̾̎̏̏̃̉̌̄͐̊̃̑̽̓͆͛͑̀̒̃̉́̎̏̇̑̒͑̑͗̈͋̒͒̒̀̌̕̕̚̕͘̚̚̚̚̕͘͘̚̚̕͜͝͠͝͠͠͝͝͝͝ͅà̵̡̧̨̡̢̢̨̧̧̛̛̛̛̛̛̛͇͖͙͕̳͓̯̝͙̼̙͉̫̪̟͈̙͈̣̝̖̲̰̩͔̟̜̼͉͔̯̟̪͎̭̙̭̝̗̼͉̭̥͚̯̩̠̳̪̟̯̥̪̗͔̲͖̰̰͇̦̼̤̝̙̦̖̫̠͔̫̦̲͖̘̝̜͎̻̙͇̞͈͖̭̹͚̱̗̓̅̓̆͊̂̍͑̆̇̅̇͌̇̋͐͐̋̓̿̃͒̄̈́͂̈́́̌́̾̒̔̈́̇̎̇̐̈́͆̓̍̀̆̑͗͛̇̀͛̂̂͂̎͐͑̾͂̆̔͗͊̐̔͌͗̈́́̔̓̀͂̒͋͌͐̊͊͊̒̃̅̉͐̿́͒͛̽̈͂̅̏͂̀͋͂̎͐͑͗͑̀̒͑͛̃̇̅̏̌̾͂͊̅̽̾̓̐̾̀̽̿̌̔͂̎͑̔́̂͊͗̽̍̒͊̋͌̒̀̔̊̒̑͐̊̀̌̅̃͊̇̀̌͛̔͆̌̂̈́͌͋̀̋́̉̔̋͂͒͋͛̄́̄͂̒̑̍̃̑͌͋̂̾͑͆͂͌̊̈̒͛͘͘̚̕̚͘͘̚̚͘̕̕͘̚̚͘͘̕͜͜͝͝͠͠͝͝͠͝͠͝͠͠͝͠͝͠͝ͅ ̴̡̨̨̡̡̨̧̨̡̨̧͚̜̻͈̥̦̖͕͓͚̳̺̘͓̰̺̣̗̦̱̥͔̰̺̫̟͙̖̯͓̻̣̲̹̘͙̹͉̟͎͈̲̩̟̳͎͚͓̖̳̲͙̬̺̮̜̪͚̝̲̰̺̙̗͙̠̜͙͍̯̩̜̲͇̖̞̳̲̞͇͖̹̹͔͔̪̳̤̝̖̩̹̳͚͔̞͕̙̠̣͕̜̠̫̼͉̘̙̭̹̱͙̪͇̣̥̯̰̠̱̺̤͙̟̝̦̭̰͚̼̂͑͛̋͒͂̈́̃͂͑̈̂̍̀̈̾͗̚͜͜͜͜͜ͅd̷̡̢̨̧̨̡̧̧̢̡̨̛̛̛̛̪̤̻̗̰̲͇͙̟̮̣̭͖̝͉̟͉̻͖̹̜͎̘̤̘͙̞̯̻̩̮͚̱͎̣͔̯̳̲̱̖̠̻͈͎͓̪̜̲̭̯̠̗̤͙͚͈̬̹̰̦̥̦͚̜̣̹͈̻̠͙̯̬͍̞̻͉͔̪͕͈̫̣̭͍̺̜͓͓̥̖̫̘͖̫̗̤̈̑̐̃͒̒̇́̓̎̔͗̽̀͒̂͑͐͋͛͋̉̆̇̃̔̈́̀͊͑̐̋̍̒̒̎̈́̌͒́͂̅̾̈́̐͛̉͑̈̀̒̅͐̃̂͆͑͒̂̈̄͊̃͒͊̀̄͌̍͑̌̑͆̿͆̾̿̅̎̇̌͆̏̾̈͑̒̇͆̿̌̓̂̎̊̚̚͘̕̕͜͜͜͜͝͠͠͠͠͝͝͝͝ͅͅͅͅd̸̢̡̢̨̢̡̨̧̧̢̧̢̡̡̧̧̛̼̖̥̗̬̘̮̺͇̳͕͕̙͓̠̗͚͔̫̗̭̭̭͔̝̦̫̥͕̥̺̤̜̲̙͇̪̠̦͓͓͔͚̼̫͚͉̺͈̻͎̻̫̟̳͎̲̮̲̝̱̻̹̭̺͕͎̩̖̙̮̯̱̜̹̺͚͎͕̹͇̠͕̥̱͔̬̘͖̟̼̣̟̝̙̺͖̦̻̠̰̭̪͖̭̥͍̲̫̺̰̗͈̩̮̻̟̰̖̩͍̫̝͔͓͇̭̩̯͖͉̮̩̬̝̪̮̭͇͉͔̯̤̹̻̮̺̮͖̙̲̱̖͇̞̺͈͇̭̦͓͎͍̲̼̥̹̱̪̞͚̼̤̭͉̭̬̮̣̲͕͇̹͍̜̖̻̯̄̾̔̊͑̿̎̽͊̿̔͗̈̍̓̈́̏̈́̋̉͂̄͊̿̽̐͐̌͂͛̍̅̾̐̎͐͛̒̓̑̌͗͘͘͘̕͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͠͝͠ͅͅͅ ̴̢̨̨̨̧̨̡̡̢̧̡̢̡̧̢̡̢̡̢̨̢̢̨̡̧̧̢̨̧̨̧̛̛̛̛̛̗̯̮̭̬͎̘͎̭͖̭̹̘̝̗͇̬͉͚̞̣͎̜͙̲̳͍̫̙̭̞͖̹̘̳̲̫̦͕̣͙̘̱̜͍͖̮̠̰̰̗͕̥̠̩̰̗̘͍͙̟̜̤͍̙̗̼̞̝̩̞̫̰͉̪̤̖̙̺̜̯̪͍͉̖͕͔͓͓̖͈͚̬͚͎͔̗͇̰̥̳̰̮̩̥͔̭̣͍̗͍̟̮̤̝̲̲̹̣̠͖̘̣̻̯͎͙̞̖͔̘̘̙̺̪͚̤̩̙̮̭̗̺͙̯͇̟̫͇͇̝̯͓̼̳̻͓̗̺̘̲̻͎̳̪̬͙̗̩̪̻͍̘̠̖̙̘̪̗̠̞͓̘̰̳͈̟̰̻͉̻̤̝̣͙̠̹̺̭̠̪̯͉͓͔̤̙̗̺̻̖͎̖̮͈̼̠̦̝̱̱̣̹̘̞̱̗̥̦̞̜͔͈͚̠͉̣̫̬̼͚͔̼̜͉̃̓̊̎͗̓̉́̾̾̿́̓̈́̀̓̏̓̅̿͐̊̎̀͐͗̒̔̓͂̈̿̾́̇̾̈̈̌̐̋͗̍̅̃͑̽̈́̌̀̓̉̆͋̌̽͛̎̋̔͆̇̄̐̌͆̽̓͊̉̂̆̓̂̾͐͒͂͊̃̾̾̀̏̑̂͊͂͐̏̋̌͗͌̔͆̉̽̾̑͋͌͛͂̔̽̈̌̋̇͛̔̂̔͒̾͊́̎̋̓͊͋̅̀̈̅̏͂̂̄̐̂̔̿̐̾͒̽͒͋͂͋̔͑̿͊͑̐̏̂̐̿͐̒̃̽̽͑̚͘̚̚̕͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅr̷̢̧̡̡̢̧̨̢̨̧̧̨̢̢̧̡̡̨̢̢̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̪̟̳̙̝̥͍̳̗̼̰̘̠͙̗̻͍̖̣̩̦̲̬̭̠̱̙̹̹̫̬̫̺̩̦͖̦̜̹͎͎̠̩̲̠͎̻̖̱̮̲̭̗̙̘͈͍̬̘̜̪̲̗͉̰̦̖͚͇̦͎̼̼̦̹̺̻̫͎̥͎̹̹̲̣̼͎̞͙̺͎̻̦͓̺̱̬̼̮͙̮̼͖̬̼̳͎̺̩̟̝̼̣̦̺͓̮̲̤͔̰̘̮̘͙̩̟̞̯̭̠͍͉̳̠͉͓̳̯͕̙̗͈͈͉͍͔̼̮͎̘̞̻̘̲̯̙͉̼̼̻̜͚͕̥̙͙̹̞͖̹̪̯̦̦̺͚̲̙̬̥̙͎̦̟̲̩̱̥̠͕̬̯̝͈̺̞̖̼̪̖̩̹͈̞̼͔̣̫͎̣̙̝̠͖̥̜̼͍͖̱̙̖̝̣̦̗͉̼̺̲͍̘̜̠̝͕̹̀̀͛̍͂̇̽͂͂̈́̈́̐̎̏͆̐̀͛̎̽̔̌̓̿̇̃̃͑̇̅̀̒͌̆̌́̐̈́̉̅͒̎̈́̿̄̽̓͂̈̽͌̋̓̅̐͆͌͑͌͒͆̾̀͛̐̍̑̑͋̇̽͐͐̐̌̽̐͂̉̑̍̄̑̏̐̀͐̈͛͒͗͌̓̃̌̇̿̈̑̀̏̈͛̋͐̽̿͐̇̎̈̉͒̐̑̇̆̄̉̾̌̏̌͒̒̔̎̾̆̌͌̾̑̔̑̐̂̾̎͌̓̿͗̿̆̅̽̿̒͊̓͛͌̑̆͊̈̌̓̄̀͐́͊̽͒͋͛̾̆̍̏͌͊͋̂͒́̇̉̌̉̃̍̽̂̇̏͗́́̆̀̏̈̎̑̕̕̕͘͘͘̕͘̚̕̚̕͘̚͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͠͝͠͝͝͝͝͠͝͠͝͠͝͝͝͝͠͠͠ͅͅͅͅͅ8̸̡̧̨̢̨̨̧̨̡̡̨̧̨̢̡̧̢̨̡̡̢̧̨̡̢̡̨̡̧̨̧̧̨̨̨̨̛̛̛͎̱̻̦̳̘͉̺̥̰̱͎̮̙̲͚̙̦̥͎͚̪̼͕̲̭̩̥̙̮̭͈̗̘͎͔̭͕̫̳̪͇̬̮̮̥͚̜͍̩̳͈̥̭̙̟̲͈͙͓̜̙̯͕͈͎̱̺̯̞̬̦͉̘̲̺̜͉͖̞̝͈̮͙̼͔̯̠͇̰̝̯̳̘̤͍̝̻͓̭̱̺͖̳̱̰̞̝̲̮̞̩̞̖̣͚͈̤̤͉̭̖̤̟̩̼̝͉͚̪̥̜̦̯̥̝͉̣̝̣̰͇̱̼͚̭̯̲̙͙̼̣̪͍̯̲͓̹̭͇̫͖̦̝̞̬̳͍͎͓̱̪̮͚̱̰̼͖̗̱͈͎̯̪̲̱̪̼̖͙͖̟̰̮̲̟̮̹͕̼̭͓͕̞̘͕͇̹̙̗̜̣̩̩̻͈͇̬̜̙̰̫̗̭̱͍̭̳̪̻͓̭͇͖̺̞̼͈͖̮̐̃̄̃̽̆͒̋̅̅̅͌̎̍͛͛̊͋̿͊̅̑͒̍̈͐̽̎̈́̏̌͛̃͗̈̔̋́̿̾́̔̈̽̔̿̃̑̒̑̃̏̈͂̀͋̆͆̋̒̏͌̾́̂̾͐̋́́̎̇̀͒̉͂̆̔͋͆͐̉̎̉̃͊̒̐̒̌͐̏̒͋̾̊̏͐̀̓͊̃͗̿̿̈̉͆̅̆̇̊͐̒̏͐͌͂̂̑̌͛̐͒̐̌̌͊͗͛̐͋̇͗͂͂̂͌͆͋̔͂̆͌̍͊̔̈̅̅͑̾̿͂̆̽̃͆̅͑͌̂͗̄̀̋̐̇̎̔͌͗̏̀͆̎͛̾̿̋̇͗̈̋̓̉͆̆̇̊̐̏̚̕̕̕̕͘͘̚̚͘̕͜͜͜͝͝͠͠͝͝͠͝͠͠͝͠͠͝͝͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅ8̷̡̨̨̧̧̡̢̡̧̨̧̨̧̨̛̛̛͍̹̖͈̰̖̩͔̭̼̼̺̖̗̤̤̯̮͈̙̮̫̪̮̲̩͇̗̞̠̼̭̟̦̮̘͍͓̥̺̲͇͈̥͇̗̫̭̭͕̱͔̻̪̝̙̲̣̭͓͕̮̩͕̘̘̜͓̱͍̘̯̺͚͙̺̙̣̯͔̦̬̙̞̪̱̜̻̠̟̫̟͓̱̫̘̲̤̘̙̬͓̟̳͖͉̯͇͖͚̘͉̰͍̘̼̹̺̫̟̦̼̳̮̻̩̠̲̳̲̥͎͍̘̜̘͚̰̮͇͎̙͎̺̺̦̈́̐͋̌̄̑̇̑͑͛̿̈́̑͋̈̄̓̌̏͂͊͌̀̊̾̉̄̿̑̃͗͋̌̓͑͆͑̂͐͂͒́̀̎̆̂̏̔͐̃͑͒̐̉͐̍͆̌̃͐̎̀͗͌̔̊̽͐̏̏̀̇̇̔̋̎́̂̑̃̍̏̒̊̿̀̚̚̕͘͘̚͘͘͘̚̕̚͘͘͜͜͠͠͝͝͝͝͠͠͝ͅͅͅͅ ̶̧̡̡̡̧̢̧̧̨̢̢̛̛̜̣͔͉̘͍̹͚̝̦͙̝̝̪̫͖̪͉̩̼̖̲̙̪̯̳̫͓̤̥̖̟̹̞̞̗͓͇̜̬̭͓̰̻̳̩̗̮̖̲͕̯̰͎̜̠̗̘̹͕̩͖͚̭͈̲̠̻͈͖͖͇̹̺͔̭̗̞̦͈̭̲̰̖̰̺̦͈͉̹̙͖̲̰͍̤͇̜̰̖̹̦͙̠̰̬̮̳̣̼̬̣̦̻̗̜̣̤̞̦̙̱̦̳̳̼̪́͊͛̍͆̍̒̓̽̾̀̓͌͛̓̈͂̅̌͛͌̒́̋̅̈͌̆̀̎̋̇̄̾̈̉͐̓̊̈́̌̅̉̍̄̉̔̀̏̋̾̀̈́͆̇̾͗̿͑̋̍̅̿̂͗̇̆̓̑̓͂͊͗̎̀̾̇͊̿̅̋͌̂̉̓̑̃͒̄̏͂̒͆̍͑́̔͗̑̏͊̈̉͒̓͌͛̊̾͑͌̿̎̅̍̾̏̑̇̀̍͊͋͊̒̒͗͌͒̋̿͐̈̓͗͗͋͆͛̉̍͌̃̓͐́̂̋̍̿͊̌̒͛͑͊̎͂͋̔̇̋͆̔͑͑͊͗̉͌̿̔͂͆̔̋͗͊̒͆̚̚̕͘̚̕̚̚͘͘̕̚͘͘̕͘͜͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͠͝͠͝͝͝͠͠͝͝͠ͅͅͅ8̸̧̨̨̧̢̧̧̢̧̡̡̡̡̡̧̨̛̛̛̛̭͎͇͉̖̤̬͇͚̙͕͚͚̤̩̺̫̝͇̥̗̞̪̟͙͔̼͚̥͇̳͕̩̼̫̗̝̺͈̱̩̪̜̻͔̼̝̬̳̠̫̙͈̜̭̳̙̘͉̬͕̗̠̟͇̖̖͉̪̤̘̖͍̰̰̣͙͕̬̜̫͉̻͙̱̠̩͖͙͔̙̥̱̦̭̭͕͓͇̭̺̳͎̮̼͕̰͍͔͖̝̯͕̲̗̯̬̫̪͕̩͈̫̟͔͈̱̺̞̤͇̱̩̖̞̼̻͖̘̼̥̠͎͓̠̠̲̱̻̻̦̜̞̞̥͔̥̮͚̳̰̭̬̟̫͓͓̮͙͇̠̩̮͇̬͙̞̼͕͖͍͕̬̑̂̌͂̎̈́͊̈́̈͛̿̓̅̌͆̈́̄̓̃̈́̓̅̽̉͆̽̒͛͑͆͊̇͌̉̒͆̃̉̓͛̓̄̈́͊̽͒͂͑͆͛̍̍́̅̑͒͌̌͒̃̈͂̔͐͗͌̿̈̒̑̉̌̏̈͑̌̄̉̏͛̎̔̉̾̏̍̋̾̾͒͐͊̔̍͐̽̏̎̀͛̍́̈̃̆̅͐̿̐̆̎̓̍͋͋̅̈͑́͊̇̄̍͛̏͋̂͌̉̈́͗̌̚͘̚̚̕̚̚͘̕̕͘͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͠͠͝͠͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅţ̵̧̧̧̢̛͖̖̰̰̩̭͇̯̖̤̼̤͎̩̟̯̜̯̘̦͖̭͍͚̫̰̯̗͖̺͖͙̲̜̦̯̗̯͓͔͔̟̥̱̠̞̰̌̏̋̍̒͋̿̀͋̐͌̆̂̾̂́͊͗͆̂̓͆͆̈́̔̿̀̂̈̒̋̿̿͂̒̉̏́͐̐͂̅͌̀̍̀͒̂̊̈͌̆̋̈̆̆̿̀͊͌̀͑͌̈̍̐͑̈̏̇͛̅͋̍̄̽̐̐̋͒̎̿̓͗̊̓̽̌̏̒͆̈̌̏̐̂͒̆̉͊̇̌̔̈̓͊̀͗̐̆̎̒͗̾̆̄̃̓̾̐̽̑̑̃̔̒̽͆̓̎̒̔̌́͒̒͂͋̍̐̆̅̀̂͊̍̽̚̕̚̕̚͘̕̚͘̕̚͜͝͝͝͠͠͠͝͠͝͠͝͝͝͝͝ģ̵̢̨̧̧̧̧̨̨̡̡̡̡̛̛̛̛̛̛̹͚͖͔̖̥͉̬̫̱͈̬͚̻̰̫̹̰̗̞̲̟͉̙͍̙̞̬̖̜̝̗̩͉̹͈̖̪̘̘̳̳͈͍̥͈̱͙̙̮̰͎̩͖̪̩̪̺͎͙̫̗͉̥̺̹̤̰̮͔͈͕̪̤̗͍͕̗͍̺̟͚̟̫͇̣̱̟̮̯͎̳̻̻̖̟͙̟̺͇̖̰͎̱͚̪͍̗̞͈̫͎̠̞̺̈́͌̒̅͌͒͑̊̋͐͋͑̈́͆̆͐͛̈̈̀̔̀̔͗͗̃̄̾̆͐̑͛̉͌̽̀͂̑̎͂͑͋̄́͒̽͋̔̄̎̾̆̍̓̎̋̑̎̆̃͋̈̈͐͑̉̒̓͌͒̊͆͛̔̄̿͛͛̆̂̈̌̂̒͂̄̒͋̓̐̅͆̊̈̈̋͋̓͆̌̎̾̒̂̃̿̔̂̀̍͊̏͒͌͋͆̊̕͘̚͘̕͘̕͘͜͝͠͠͝͝͝͝ų̸̨̧̡̢̡̡̢̢̢̨̨̢̡̢̢̢̧̨̢̡̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛͚̯͍̦̝̹̩͍͙͕͖̝̖͔̻͔̥͖̻̙̥̱̣̺̮̤̩͙̖̹̠̙̰̭̝̗̪͓̺̫̞̣͚̙̪͉̞̖͈̺̲̦͇̠͇̭̞͚̫͕̮̬̟͙̬̦̰̪̙̳̰͎̘̞͕̗̬͍̰͚̬̥̻̖̗̪͍̪̖̻͙͙͎̻̲̳̫̯̲͖͖̘̲̞̞̫̻̰̮̥̹̳̜̪̺̞̦̖̺͎̜̞͉̙͇̬͚̣̘̘̬̫͈͔̣̬͉̻̪̼̥̰̦͕̦̰͓͔̝̥̘͔͔̯̭̗̻̭͓̫͚̤̤̖͔̩̰̲̺̪̦̼̻͚̩̤͕̮͓͚͙̠̞̂̇̀͒̅̀̄̐̋̐̉̊̈͛͗͛̈́́̓́̊́̓͌̓̊̈́̓̑̽͆̽̒̓͑̐̀̏̔̔̍̎̉͌̈͆̐̓̂̄̒̈́̒͗͆͛͑͋̎̒͗͒̅͋͌̈͆͋̏̃̄͐́̅̌̔̿̓̂͒̿̋͆͐͑͂̍̔̋̂͂͌͌͋̍̑͒̽̐͑̌͌͛͑̒̂͐̌̃̂̄̆͒̇͑̌̂͌̂͗̑͒̏̔̌́̎̔͊͆̽̆̂̀͂̃̈̿̏̒̌̾̑̌̀̉͋̔͒̓͋̄̾̓̈͌͒̾̎̕̚̚̚̕̕̚̕̕͘̕͘͘̕̕͘͜͜͜͝͝͝͠͠͠͝ͅͅg̵̨̧̢̢̢̨̡̡̧̧̨̧̛̛̖̦̰̗̪͈̣̱̥̼͕̞̼͕̮̮̹͚̰͓̗̥̗̟͉͕͓̲̺͈̳̮̠̖̭̱̱̰͚̩͕͚̫͓̙̩̦͎̟̩̘̮̜̺̞̻͖̺̼͈̖͇̣͈͕͔͙̹̲̳͇̙̝̞̺̩̰̬̣̮͕͎̝̥̺̼̝̬͇̻̗͇̣̤͎̣̭͈̩̞̯̖͉̪͎͍͉̟͔̭̲̲͓̞̜̠̱͎̺͚̝̩̱͍͙̘̠̺̦͖̥̦̣̬̬̘̼̜͍̤̝͇̯̗̳̫͉̲̯͎̖̦̲̮̻̘̭̰̹͌̍̀́́̈́̿̃͐͑͗̂̒͌̔̈̍̈́̊͐̄̅̋̓̆́̋̏͛̀̽̓̄̍̒̀̎̀͊̒́̅́̿̄̐̈̈́͑̉͂̂̂͛͛̄͆̾̎̎̒̓̌̅̒͑͆̊̐̿̍̆̀̆̑͆͑̎̌̉̽͋͌̂̿̾̆͆͂̐͋̄͆̉͒̔̒̃̔̂̅̂̍͒͐͌̈͋̇̓̈̆̓͂̔̒̇̂̋̿̂͆͒̊͌͌̆̉̆̔̈͂̓͒͑͒̎͘͘̕̕͘̕̚͘͘͘͜͜͠͠͝͠͝͠͠͝͝͠͠͝͠͝ͅͅͅͅa̶̢̧̢̢̨̨̡̧̢̡̢̨̨̢̨̡̢̡̨̧̡̢̡̡̧̢̧̛̛̛̛̦͇̼̱̻͉͚̖̳̲̖̳̳̗̹͎͇͔̮̺̭͕̻̻̟̹̪̫̼̯̪̼̹̞͓̯̰̬̻̯̩̺͍͙͖̺̣̖̹͍͉̖̹͙̘̺̩̬̞̮̯̻͔̤̻̞̗̳͓̱͇͉̤̝̙̻̫͚̥̞̭͎̟̝̗̯̙͉̹̜͎̻̺̠̙̳̟̲̟̞̭͓̻̤̹̲͕̱̺̳͍̤̳̪͔͕̫̣̱̪͇͙͖̬̝͙͇̖̮̯̖̼̻͙͈͇̟̗̖̰̖̯̱̦̬̞͓̠̤̘̼̳̤̠͇͇̤̘͉̤͙̖̭̠̯̱̯̥̖͔͍͔̙̼̭̻̠̺͕̙͇͉̜̱̹͍̙͙̹̥̫͖̦̙̜̥̟̝̣̮̠̗͍͔̘̭̤̒̏͂̀͑́̌͋͗́̅͂̓̎̆́͑͊̀̅̎̏̀̇̉̅̌̋͗͒̀̎̓͌̓͘͘͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͠͠ͅͅȁ̶̧̛̛̗̱̥̠̻͕̜̯̥̦͓̺̪̩̣̹̖͈̰̼͔̭̃͑̊̀̔̾́̀̽͛̔̉̌̃̈́̉̈́̇͊̍̍͊̀͊̍̍́͑́͊́̅͂̃͌̊̎̐͑̄̆̆̏̅̄́́̎̐̋̉̌̉́͒̂̈͂͆͋͌͊͊̔̐̌̍͋̒͗̐̃̓̅̎̏̎̐̍̍́̃̀͆͆̽̆̂̂̐̈͊̍̃̆̍̂̎̂̉̀̅̋̽̆͊͑̆̑̀̍͐͛̈͛͂̃̇͐̂̀̏̆̋̂̾͆͊̉͊͒̅̆̇̎̈̏̚̚̚͘̕͘̚̕̚̚͘͘̕͘̕̚͜͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͝ ̷̢̡̧̧̨̡̧̢̢̨̧̢̢̧̢̨̧̮͎͓̦̰̱͚̬̯̗̥̠͉̯̱̯͖̫͈̻̙̞̮̻̱̼̤̜̼̮̼̝̝̞̞͚̣̯̤̬̭͍̹̞̹͙͉͕͈͈̮̩͈̹͉̬̝̗͔͉̮͇̥̠̟̝̝̫̥͚̱̭̮̺͔͙͔̺̖̼̹̟̟̲̻̦͙̝̳̯̖̗̦̥͈̼̻̳̥͙̘̥̜̜͚̱͇̩̟͖͙̯̮̗̩͈̰̹͈͉̣̲̦̘̖͙̲͉̦̘͕̟̻̝̩̗̝̖̬̯͎̜͉̰͔͚͙͎̗̪̺̳̝͇̲̩̙̠̹͎͚̱̜͉̫̐͊̉̎̈́̾́̎̈̓̎̅̉́́͛͑̏̔͂̑̈̿͘͜͜͜͜͠͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅḋ̸̨̨̛̥͎̠̦̯̦̹̈́̀̈́̏̾̽̅̾̃́̋͋̌̀̀̂̋̒̃̆́̂̿̊̀̄̉̐̌̏̅͋̋̋͐͐͛̄̎̌̓̌̈́͛̆͑͐̀̐̀̑̅̏͛͋̇̋̄͋͗̏̒̀̊̓͂̏̍̿͐̏̽̂̏̈̀͗̇̂̏̀̃͂͒̿̓͐̂̌̌͆̓̕̕͘̕̕͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͠͠ͅd̸̢̡̨̡̧̧̢̧̢̨̢̨̢̧̡̢̢̧̡̡̢̢̢̡͓̰͙͔͕̭̬͍̫͓̭͙͎̮͎͖͍̙̬̞͓̥̠̦̻͎̪̗͖͈̰̯͉͓̯̼̹̗͉̬̝̥̠̻͍̗̟͈̱͔̲̼̱̯̱̫̙̙͉̠͈̹͙̗̲̲̮̟͈̰̙̲̯͔̲̩͙͙̣̯̹̥͈̼͓̞̙̥͚̗̞͎̖̺̗̥̤̳̻̣̹̰̘̥̫͍̫̥̝̠̪͖̣̤͙͉͚̮͖͓͍̦̘͔̮͙̰̣͎̠̯̹͚̞͕̱̳͚͓̮̺̼̣̠͖̭̻̝̭̬͓̱̮̥̪̤̜͉͉̲̳̻̤̳̙͔͉̟̣̱̼͍̲͓̞͓̘͎̪̫̭̤͚͙̝̪͇̼̳̮̜̫̻̼̣̣̜̖̯͎̟̲͖̘̱͎̮̟̹͇̩̬̖͙̻̰̂̇̽̇̂̀̂̽́̒͋̀̍̄̈́̀̈́͒̓̏͊̓͂̑̅͊͆̍̂̌͑̀̈́̔̚͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͠ͅͅ ̷̧̨̢̡̢̢̨̡̢̨̡̢̡̧̧̨̢̧̢̢̧̧̤͉͕̘̘͔͈͈̻̪̹͈͔̲͙̠̰̲̯͓͓̫͙͖͕̯̬̼͙͈̹̦̹̤̫̳̠̺̣̭͙̦̝̙͇̟̤̳̯͎̖͔̭̰̼͓̤̼̦̦̪̥̭̰̙̹͉͍̳̝͇͍̫̤̪̗͙̦̣͉̮̭̻̦̥̩̯͇͓̙͈̭̣̳͎̪͕͉̤͈͚̱̜̭͙͙̲͙̗̬̫̪̯͔̞͚̙͖̹̠̜̭̯̱͖̼̮̮̹̱̜̩̗̝͙̙͎̹̣͔̺̝͔̩̖͔̼͓͖̠̺̳̗̘̯͙͖̠̟̼̹͎̠͙̻̫͕͚͇̖͍̹̬͕̯̩͖̮͕͚̥̰̹̹̱̬͚̦̻̘̙͉͉̥̝̼̦̻̹͓̫̲̖̝̬͖͍͔͓͔͖̞̰̙̲͇̭̖̠͚͖̥̦͉̯̺̞̙͈̬̤͖̬͖̥̣͎͍̲̭͇̲̞̮͇̭̪̙͚̩̮͗̀̔̆͛̾̈́̾̄̏̎͒̋̆̃̾͋̈́̊̂̌̓̑̾͗̽̈́̐̃̈́̊̃͛̅͆͋̊̅́̑̌́̾̑͂̿̍͒̇̓͌͂̒̒̾̈̃͂͒͌͒̌͌̂͗͊̿̓̆͊̌̾͆̏̎̓͆͊̌̃̑̽͆̿̓͊͐̍͋̿̐̈̆̾͌͌̊̇̋̅̆͒̒͒̐̓̉͆͆͛̈̂͊͑̍̉̀̓́͌͒͋̄͘̕͘̚̚͘̕̚̚̚͜͜͜͜͜͜͠͝͠͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͠͝͠͠ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅȑ̷̢̧̢̧̧̡̛̛̛̛̯̟̺̘̪̻͕̟̮̟̗̠͚̤̱͓̞̪͚̪̻͓̟̣̜͚̻̥͉̱̰̱̦͕͇͈̹̩̠̞̪̖̗̟̯̼͇̳̤̳̣̥͙͕̜̯̮̝̠̺̎̋͌͐̎̎̏͛̾̀̈́̇̓̄̿͂͊̃͗̓̈́͐͌͛̌̏͐́̂͊͂́̀̆͌̓̓͊́̀̈́͆̾̀͛̋̑̒̉̀̏̾̇́̄̿̌̅͛͆͊̇͒̊̇̿̐̈̂̓́̇͒́̄̉̽̔̇͛͛̍̋̃̔̾̾͐͒͑͐̃͆͊̄͐̇͐̇̉̓̃̑̀̽̇̋͛̒̿͐̽̔͋̂͛́̊̏̌͊̀̿̑̎͗̋̂̇͒̔̌͌̐̾̏͒̉̿͌͌̋̾̀̍̇͐͆̑̽̒̆̌́̔̊̅̾́̊̑̊̚̕̕̚͘̚͘̚̚̚̚̚͘͘̕͘̕̚̚̚͘̚͘̕͜͜͜͠͝͝͠͝͝͝͠͝͝ͅ8̴̢̡̧̧̢̡̢̡̧̨̨̨̢̡̨̢̧̨̢̢̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̝̺̲͓͈͖͎̟̭͍͕͈̤̻̳͕͍̱̺̜̰̳̦̫͇̳̟̖̲̩͚͙͎̩̭̝̬̦͈̻̥̟̪̝̯̩̼̝̲̝̞͇̟̳̦̗͉̩̖̪̘̙̼͔̘͕͇͙̞̠͈͉̜̻̭̹̖̠̠̙̮͖̖̼̠̭͚̣̦̙̰̦̞̙̤̠͇͎̮͇̹̙̰̳͍̜̺̺̰͕͕̞̘̺̠̙̻̦͎̣͍̜̲̼̼͈̣̤̬̱̗̣͇̫̼̜̐́̈́͛͒͆̓̈͂̀̋͋͒͒̀͗̒̉́̀̐͋͗̃̄̋̂͂͆͗͛̐̽̐͗͛̓̿̍̐́͛͂̏̽̔͊͋̀́̈̍͆͂̀̊̉̒̍̇̄͐̈̏͗̅̑̑̊̒̓̃͌̀̿̿͂̔̏͒̽̐͗͐̾̍̄̾̾̈͐͊̂̀̇͗̈̐̍͊̾̎̆͑̎͂̌̌̊̍̃̂͑̏̆͑̈̆͒̎̏̾͐̐͂̓̔̒͆̈̋̊͑͗̃͐̍͌͑͒̿͌̇̅͂̎́̑̑͌͗̑̅͆̎̾̆͑͘͘͘̕̚͘͘̕̕͘͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͠͝͝͠͝͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅ8̵̡̢̛̛̛̛̛̛̠̹͙̲̘͖͎͚̠͈̣̘͕̺͖̦̗̰̳͑̿̋̏͗̌͑̃̓͒͐̈́̿̒̔͊̓̋̃̄̌͒̓̽̈̽́̌͒̆̔̀͐̍̏͐̽͛͂̉̆͛͛̌̃̓͑̊̅̔̌̔̆̌͆͐͋̒̽̈͗̿̓́̊̍̍̎̏́̍̆͛͆̈̾͋͌̏̉͊̈͒͑̏͛̐̽̒̿̂̿̆̃̊͋͋̔̿̈̆̂̒́̂̇̔̾̈̒̈̔͗͌̑̍͛̂͛̄͊͋̑̐̈́͒̋͐̽͐̆̾̐͌̍͊͆̆̚̕͘̕͘̚̚̚͘̚͠͠͝͝͝͝͝͠͠͠͝͠͠͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝ ̴̧̧̡̛̛̛̛̛̛̼͓̣̩͖͓͈͔̣͎̙͈̳̣͉̠̜̝̝̜̘̤̦̣̠̘͍̮͈͇̱̤̙̫̲̤̟̱̫̱͉̖̪̟͓͈̩͍̦̘̳̤͎̻͍̣̫͈͉̻͎̳̉̑̃͋͆́͛̓̈́͑̈́̈͗̑̔̎̑̍̋͋̒̈̿͊̃̀͆̂̀́̿̽͆̉̑̇̋̄̈́̈́̓̆̾͐̇̓̉̀͋̈̀́̌̋͊͆͊̅̊́͒̃̓̆̊́̉̏̅̏̊̉̍́̊̀͒̊͆̽͒̃͊̏͗̒͊́̎͊͒͗̐̅̂͌͗̏̃̔̅̏͊̑͌̊̋͊̄̓̈͌͐̐͗̃͛̾̌̿͛̔̅̏͊̽̅̌͗̌̄̅̃͑̔́͑̒͒̾̒͐͐̀̍͂̍͋̂͂̇̎̍̄͘̕̚͘͘̚̚̕̚̕̕͘͜͜͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͠͝͠͠͝͝͝͝͠͠͝ͅͅ8̵̡̧̢̨̧̨̧̧̧̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̩̪̫̪̺̺͖̝̲̭̹̫͍̙̝̩̻̰̼̝̬̣̜̯̠̺͕͙̥͚̳̜̤͓̪̙̯̲͓͙̪̱͎̣͉̞̪̙̱̯͙̟̤̝̪͕̮̫͕͍̠̝̺̲̣͍̫̟̫̺͇̹̩͓̲̫̪͓̪̞̝̮̮̯̗̠̺̗͔̰͈̠̭͔̺̘̲̟̝̘͖͎̮͕̗͍̭͍̺̙̞̩̺̱̗̼̞̬̘͖̘̩͕͉̫͈̟̀̐͒͆̄̏̒̈́́͌̈́̔̾́̓̎̐̽̏̀̈́̈͋̒̔̀́͂̈́̔͑̏͛̃̐͆͒̄̋̿̐̂͂̃̉̈̌͗̄̊͌͌̆̔͐̂̑̇́͂̌́͗̐̈̍̆͗̀̊͂̂̈͆̅̀̋̑́̊̐̽̊̃̾̄̇̓͋̽͌̅̆̄̋̍̄̾̿̑͂̐̐͆͋̌͆͂̃̄̉̂̍̉͗̔̃̒͊̋͒͑̐̏̔̒͋̒̃͂̋̌̿͑͒̃̑̉͋̓̑̓͂̀͒̓͒̌̐͑̿̅͛̊̉̉͊̌̊͛̑͛̊̂͒͐̒̂̄̅͊̃̈̓̽̇̉͑͋̍̉̓̚͘̕̕̚̚̕͘̚͘̚͘̕͘̚̕̕̕̚̚͘͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͠͝͠͠͠͠͠͝͠͝͠͠͝͝͝͝ͅͅͅt̷̢̧̡̢̢̢̡̨̧̢̢̨̨̡̡̛̛̛̛̬̞̝̹̬̩̥͇̦͉̥͉̙̟̮̯̜̯̭͎̝̬̠̗͉̱̻̹͕̼͈͖̜̳̜͔̪͇͓̤̠̤̖͉̤̞͙̬͚̜̯̹͔̦̹͉͓͉̰͚̘̺̮͎̻̤̤͙̣̣̱͈̥̗̣͎̻̳̠̲̲̼͉̰͓̗͚̦͔̠̫̳͍͇͖͖̣̟̱̬̯͙̗̺̦̝͕̹͕̹̩̬̞͙̖̰̣͍̙̪̪̗͍̝̘̥̮͚͔̖͇̥̗̲͈͈̠͎͖̦̙͎͇̹̭̩̤̳̠̤̐́̏̀̃̍̎̂̾̄̏̀͑̆̊̎́̽́̈́̇͛̈́̐̏̀̊̔̐͗̌̂͋̿̌̎̾́̆͑́̊͑̔̓̐͗̌̈̐̑̆̊͌̈́́͋̀̽̆̌͛̊͌͌̅̎̋̃̀̆̑̾͌́̐͛̄̆͐̆͐̈̔̔̄̈̀͊̆̿͆̈͆̉͑́̿̾̽͋͋̽̀͒̂̄͊̃̆̀̉̄̂͂̋͘̕̚̕̕̚͘͘̕͜͜͜͠͝͠͝͠͝͝͠͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅǧ̷̡̢̡̢̧̨̡̡̡̧̡̢̨̨̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̩̜̟̜͓͖͔̬̰̥̞̠̯̯̲̬̗̘̭̗̭͍̙̥̯͈͉̤̤̻̻̭̠͙̫̟̮̤̼͖̩̻͕̯͓̞͍̹͈͇̭͓̬̦̦͈͔̤̺̝̹̬͓̠͔̫̳̪̘̪̘͕̭̼̱̞̗̦͇̱̬̺̺̩̭̙̩̳͍͇̳̻̺̝̜̰͔̲̣̘̱͕̝̥͔̫͍͔̫̼̞̲̻̺̬̣͈̖̝̺͎̝̲͎̥̟͉̺̠͍͎̳̭͕͖̩͕̺͉̪̂̍̿̋͆̌̆͌̋̆͛̊̄̍̑̂̈́̂̌̊̎̉̋̈́͐͒̓͗̾̈́͒́̋́̔̾͌̌̔͊̊̽̃̾͐̊͒͌̍̓̓̆͊́͛͗̿̈̽̿͌̅̈̊̆̎̿͋͑̆̉͆͋͌̏̃̿̆̇̌̏̇̎̔̒̋̆̉̽̆̽̀̊̀̄͌̌̏̄̔̊͂͒̽̋̅̎̔̐͗̓͊͛͊̐̂̔͗́̆̉̃̋̈̄̐̊̅͌͛͌͑̋͌͑̔̀̉̑̀̏̈̀̅̾̑̋̀̕̕̚̚̕̚̚̚͘̕͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͝͠͝͠͝͠͝͠͝͠ͅͅͅͅȕ̸̢̢̢̢̨̡̧̨̨̧̢̧̨̳̖̠̯̻̬̱̘̣̥̳̰̺̮̦͖̖͓̼̩̯̠͙̘͖̯̥̼̪̗͔̠̼̮̝͇̹͙̪̝̺̣̯̮̺̭͚̭̭̬̥̳̗͔̝̪̮̰̟̱̰̞͈͇̫͔͍̲͕̙͍̣̫͉̠̗̣͕͕̞̹̭͎̦͖͉̬̜͙͈͙͖̞͚͕̣͕͕̠͍̼̘̗̩̗͖̯̱̥̫̪͓͉̩̙͖̲͔̗̫̥̝͕̙͈̣͇̲̗͈͓̪̺̟̌̔͂́̈̽̂͋͊̈́̉͑̉̋̓́̎̓̍̃̃̒̊́̐̄̽̈͆̊̀̅̄̕̚͜͝͝͝͠͠ͅͅͅģ̵̨̡̧̨̡̢̧̨̨̢̢̢̨̢̡̡̢̡̨̡̡̢̧̡̢̡̡̢̡̨̧̛͔̖̦̱̮̫̺̬̜̖͔̼̖̜̻̰̞̩̪̺̼̪̯̜͙̱͈̼͎̘̝̤̟̞̱͔͓͔̻̝̝͎̮̪̗̞̤͎̬͕̩̰̤̭̜̲̗͈͙̹̪̭̭̦̰̟̦̖͖̘͔̩̣͎͎̦̥͓̹̮̹̘̩͖͉̹̻̣̼̦̯̮̗͚͍̙̤̘̹̲̝̞̙̖̻̼̹̹͙̫̬͈̞͉̳̥͎̬̬͔̭̞̺͇̙̞̮̖̭͇͕͕̳̥̙̞̼͔̣͕̹̜̻͔̰̜̥̭̺̱͚̝̭̟͖̝̼͍͚̠͚͈̼̱̣̰̘̯̲͉̗̗̮̳͕̹̼̯̯̟̺͉̯͓̱̤̮̼͕͙̥̗͕͎̳͚͚͔͓̬̻̖̜̙̟̤̬͎͈̤͖̰̠͈̩̲͕̱͍͙̝͈̬̫͖̹̦͙͇͓̩̩̻̩͉̮͕̤͑͐̐̽̽̍̌̈́͐͋̂͂̂́̃͗̇̈́͆̐̒̏͆̎̍̓̇͑̽̿͒͌̋̋̑͗̒̕̕͘͘͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͠͠͠͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅả̴̡̢̨̢̡̧̨̨̨̨̧̨̨̧̧̨̛̛̛̛̛͈͉̱̯͉̬̞̪̰͖͕̺̟͈̲̘̠̰̠͔̩̩̘̻̼̮̺̣̲̞͈̩͙͍̲̯͍̹͔̙̦̤̝̙̮̯̜̪̭̱̥͇̲̦̮̜̞̣͓̠̻̘͉̬̭̫̻̣̜͇̤̤͙̺̖͕̭̭͕͓̳̜̟͈͕̮̣̣͉̥̖̜̼͉͇͕͇̲̝̙̖̲̭̠̭͔͙͖͇̭͈̺̫͚̱̜͍̲̻̯̤̺̻̣̥̩̺̤͔̠̗͎̰͍͓̣̫̝͓̝̬̞̳̭̲̤̝͉̬̪̦̘̱͓̪̪̦̺̭̲̹͖̱̠̮̺̣̲̦̩̮̣̞͈̪̣͎͓͎̣̱̳͇̥̱͎͇͈̯̺̪̳̬̰̭̣͙͖͇̩͇̬̩͈̞̲̰͕͔̇̏̑̌̽͆̿̉̇̈͂̉̈́̇̾͆̇͒͑̒̋̾̉̔̊́́̉́̉̄̆͐̆̃͗͐̃͋̅̆̀͛̔͑̀͆̀̓̃̋̈́͆͐̋̃̾̀̋̽̐͐͒͐́͗̀̓́̽̎͋͊̇͐͛͑̓̏́̑̆͆̐̄̈͗͋͑̾̽̒̿̎͆̂͑͑͆͊͐̈̾͌̔̓̍̓̓̾͂̒̾͑̎̓̐̍̉̾̇̈̌̔̚̕̚̕̚̚͜͜͜͜͝͝ͅͅͅͅǎ̶̧̧̢̧̡̨̢̧̨̨̡̧̧̨̢̡̡̢̢̧̧̡̢̢̡̨̛̛̱̮̪̯̙̗̟͔͓͉̩͉̟̝͈̮̹̠̩̮̼͔̙̞̮̙̠̞̖̺͎̺̞̗̪͇͔̞̱̲̼̠̭̠͖̝̠̦̦̞͎͔͍̯͔̭̤̘̣͖̪̙̘̮̻̖̝̙̖̻̮̘̼̞̩̝̘̳̣̙̯̮̺̖̙̻̥͕̹̩̹͈̝̘̠̺̫̰̻̰̩̱̠̜̱̘͚̟̯̻̹͓̜͙͉̳̬̬̙͓̱͚̳͇̱̣̘͓̥̼̭͓͚̭͉̜͕͍̱̝̳̯͍̳̼͔̺̱̤̫̟̠͔͓̞̲͖̯̖̮̖̝͚̗̖͉̯̱̤͓̜̥̱͚̳͚͙͚͖̤͉͖͚̰̥̟̟̲̦͚̻̗̟͍̯̱̮̣̜̬̿̂̎͂́̀́̅̑̃̅̂̋̂̎̓̏̒̃̌̀̇̈̌̈͌̇̇͆̐͗̍͌̀͛́̓̈̈́̍͛̋͛̐̉̈́̽̑́́̈̾̈͑͊̅̌̎̋͒̀͌͂̿̍͆͘͘͘͘͘̕͜͜͜͠ͅͅͅͅͅ ̴̡̨̧̢̢̢̡̡̧̨̛̛̪̥̲͚͎̱̘͇̭̟̰͚̞̼͓̩̗̲̹̳̮͖͇̠̹̥̺̗̦̩̫̰̰̣̪̠̭̰̞͈̭̖͔̲͉̪̜̘̳͇͖̬̮̮̙̪͔̩̻̠̥̯̙̬͇̮̲̫͎̳͙̤̳̳͖̜̙͍̳͉̖̤̦͈͈͈̖͈̠͈̯̻̪̱̥̬̦͚͖̫̱̘̮̦̠̩̗̙͓̮̻͕͙̺̹͓̥̟̗͎̱̭̺̰̦̺̠͉͔̬̻̩̟̱͈͉̰̪̯͉̺͉͈͙̱͎̳͓̩͖̲͚͖͇̹̙̬̩̩̦̜̖̩̭͔̹̭̬̺̝̫̤̞͕̲͚̣̪̦͓̭͍̥̹̙̪̞͇̭̻̩͈̻̇̍̅͂̌͊̈̐̇̒̀̔͌̽̿̽͛̂̋̄̿̈́́͒̍̇͂̑́̋̓̈́̓̂̿̿̎̋̊̆̌͆͛͑̾͆̋͛͐͊̽̾̎͐́̐̾̐̄̍̔̎͂̿̀̑̿͐̋̊̊͌͊̃̅̂̓̄͊̋̅͊̀͋͊̅̌̍̏͌͛̆̿̍̊̃̽̂̌̈̅͗͊͋̂̀̓̀͒̆̉͗̂̏̇͛̀̈̓̓͐̆̄͂̄͆͗͊͆̽͐͆̔̌͐̐̈͑͒͒̂̉̋͆̓̅̍́̉́́̋̎͐̓̇̚̕̕̕̚͘͘̚̚͘̕͜͜͜͝͠͠͠͠͠͝͠͝͝͝͠͝͠͝͝͝͝ͅͅͅͅḑ̷̡̢̛̲̜͙͚̞̘̭̟̝̤̮̗̫̻̻̲̜͔̜̘͓̝̟͓͈̘̭͙̖̳͔̲͓̙̦͓̱̻͈͗̆̈́̄̅͆̑̽͆̀̓̿̊͑̅͛̅̈̍͂͊́͛̉͛̿̇̎̓̽̆͋̌̊̔͊͆͛͊̄̔̀̈́͛̂̔͛͒̄͗̉̊̄̋̇͌̍̄͗͒̇̋͐̂̋̒̍̍̋́́͆̈̏̈̏͌̂̍̃̐̇̽͗̆͒͒̆̃͒͂́̕̕͘͘͘̕͘̕̚̚͜͜͝͠͠͝ͅͅͅḓ̶̨̢̨̨̧̢̢̨̢̧̛̛̻̖͙͎̦̣̣̝͔̘̺͔͇̮̞͇͓͚͎͍̲͙̲̣̣̤̘̼̪͈̠̘̦̫̠̤͔̺̠͍͈̩̪̺̠̭̹̭̝͕̫͇̲̹͕͎̠͙̜̤̞̼͙͖̲̖͉̪͙̗̘͍̺̜̞͚̭̙̲̟͕͇͎̩̙̙̯̳͎̣͕̜̬̝̬̹̮͕̣͖̯̟̈́́͊͊̂̓́͛̋̓̇̌̃̆̀̒̉̓̎̿́̅̽̅̂̍̉͐̋̀̐̐̽̓͂͌̉̿̂̀̐̾̚͜͜͜͜͝͠͠͠͝͠͠ͅͅͅ ̸̛̛̛̛̠̼̘̱͇͕͇̇̅̀̒̾̑̀̑́̾̉̽̃̀̀̎̄̀̐̎̍͊̈́̔͂̀̀̊͋͒̍́̓̍͊͋͛͋̌̃̀̒͛̊͛̈́̑͗͆͐̃̀̏̎͋͒̔̍̂̈̑̈̂̅̆͛̔͛́̉̇̅̿̎̃̿̂̌͑̒͌́͒͒̊̎͗͂͌̂̀͐͊̄̏̏͆̒́͐͂́̊̌̿̒́̄̏̎͛̆̂̎̍̋̆́̿͂͒̔͑̔̊̅̿̈͋̄͐̇͊̂͌̍͑̕̚̕͘̕͘͘̚̚͘̕̕̕̕͝͠͝͠͠͝͝ŗ̵̨̢̨̢̢̢̡̨̛̛̛̛̛̛͙̤̪͙͉̤̮̳͇͚̱̠͚̠̝͖͎͚̱͔̹̖̟̦̻͈͖̤̬̤͔̫͍͖̦̫̺̣̞̭͎̜̮̱͈͇͈͖̦̭͙͍̠͈͎̺̞̰̹̰̙̻͓͖̖̮͚͖̪̖̻̽̊̂̆̿̈́̊̾͑̈̈́̽̈͊̏̽̑̑̐́̓̍̅̓̾̈̿̾̈́̒͋̒̓͐̈͒̍̅͒̈́̔̐̀̒͑̅̔̒̊̎͊͌̉͐̌̾͌̓͗͋̿̇̏̔̿͌̉̎͒͛̀̾͛̽͐͑̇̓͌͌̂̉͐̄̽̂͂́̆͋͋͌͑͐͂̉̑͒̓̌̅̍̾̅̒̿̔̌̐͗́̊̏̀̾̂̆͐̒͆̍̎͋̒̈̌̐͒̑͗̎̽̃̍̍͂̅̆̎̌͆̾̑͒͌̀͑͆̂́̆̾̈͗͗̋̒͊̆̈̀͗͊́͌̆̂͗̇̔͗͂̎̇̿̋̎̆͊̊͊́͂̐̌̍͋͒̐̓̈̿̐̿̈͌͒̐̓̈̅̑̋͆͂̒̿̋̊̇̔̄̆͘͘͘̕̚͘̕̚̕̚̚͘̚̕͘͘̕͜͜͠͠͠͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͝ͅ8̷̧̡̢̡̢̢̨̧̨̡̢̢̨̡̡̨̢̛̛̛̛̛̛̞̙̖̗̤̜̯̞̻͙̳͈̪͖̫̹̗̩̪̙͎͍̲̱̗̞̙̲͓͈̩̼̹̦̫̭̤͙̝̱̻͖̦͇̺̯͇̪̱̞͉͇̳̬̥̖͍͙͉̱̼͈̜̠̭͈̻͙̜̙̝̟̝̩̜͇̭̬̼͎͎̜̙̭̝̖͇̮̯͎̙̣̺̟͖̦͔̤̼̗̺̹̮̝͕̩̬̜̰͙̩͇͍̘͖͔͔̻̼͎͔̳͎̫̙̰̩̤̟͈̰̮̝̦̳̳̠͇͕̬̭͍̜͇̼͉̞͔͎̭̼̠̹̘͔̖̖̬̝̹͚̘͖̖͖͉͇̞̠̞̖̙̤̪̥͔̞̲͖͉͔̙͉͍̝̞̱̥͕̬̮̩̹̪̟͔͕͉̲̤̗̰̰̲͔̺̳̩̣̲̱͔͓͙̬̼̫̲̮̭͙̼͚͇̞̲̪͕͚̻̝̤͇̖̬̳̳͇̼̘̻̩̻͔̪̤̩̬͎̫̣͇̰̥̠̳̭͖͎̥̲̮̪͆̊̔͗̀̀̏̒̅̈́͌̌̂͊̈́̒͛̈́̑͛̎́͌̑͐̀͊̃̀͛̈́́͒̒̅̀͂̇͒͋̋̒̈̂̀̃͂̄͗̆̄̄̊͆̒̑̃̍̓̓̌̑̅͐̔̊͒͌̒̌̀̏́̈̓̒̈̽̆̋̂͗͋͒̔̒͐̃̏͌̈̈͛͌̿̅̿̽̽̊̃͐̃̾̆̃̏́͒̐͐̂͆̍̉͗͂͆͗͗̎̅͌̊̅͌͆̓̉̊̾͑̿̇͆̌̄̔͆̆̾̽̽͛̍̋̇̆̽͌̍̔͒͋͌̔͒̔̌̾́͐̐̀̾̔̂̄͗̾̇̏̾̉́̎̋̍̄̾̊̇͗͂̈̀̃̀̏̃̐͆͛̍̌̎̆̿̒̀̉͛̑̀̋̽̚̕̕̕̕͘̕͘̕̚̚͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͠͠͠͝͠͠͠͠͠͠ͅͅͅͅͅͅ8̸̡̢̡̨̢̢̢̢̧̧̢̡̢̢̢̨̨̡̡̢̤̯̲̗̲͇͈̼̦͚̞̯̱̯̗̘͎̺̹̩̱̫̘̻̪͕͖͈͖͔̺̩̘͈̫͖̣̬̤͕̩̰̝̤̟͇͓̞̼̟̻͇̪͈̩̫͙̗̟͚̟̫͓͓̖̞͔̤̹̠͇̯̬͔͉̠̫̟͎̠̝͔̳̰̻̺̯̝̠̠̰̻͓̺͎̘͚̥͍̳̰͚̝̯̦͉͙͍̯̳̳͍̦͇̭̮̖͎̫̩̙̥͔̩͚̲̼͉̘̝͓̗̟̦͉͙̣̳̼̥̣̭̜̰̰̜̱͓͔͍̱̯̤̺̖̠̻̥͉̦͈̞̫͓͇̺͎̖͉̭̖̜̖̺̱̳͍͉͕̲̤͓̹̤̦̱͍͇̝̳̱̙̖͔̬͕͈͍͖̬͕̭̟̖̠̯́̾͑̚͜͜͜ͅͅͅͅͅ ̸̨̨̨̧̨̡̡̧̨̨̧̧̡̛̝̲͈͔̝̣̗̠̠̺͔̬͔͖̼̪͓̩̦̲̦͕̰̬͚̩̠̰͇̥̤̪͍͚̙̱̣͚̠̘̼̱͕̘͈̪̟̜̲̰̹͇̞̰̦̠̮̰̣̥͙̻̬͚̲̹͍̱̤̖͕̖͈͇̟̙͕̯̬̥̬͎̰̦͖̻͔̗̺̱̣̝͈͔͎̟͈̲̟̳͙͇̜̜͉͇͖͍̦̙̰̀̏̉̀̇̓͋̂͊̃̔͐̕̚͜͜͠͝͝͝ͅ8̷̢̧̢̨̡̧̡̡̢̧̛̛̛̛̠̟̱̯̟̲̼̲̼̟̰̜̣͈͚͈̦͎̰͕͎͈̙̬̞͉̦̞͖̪̰̺̫̺̻̪̬̦̙͙͙̩̟̪̻̘̰̻͈̹̞͍͉̙͇͎͇͔̥̖̻͈̹̥͙̪̫̟̯͍͖̜͓̞̩̭͕͇͈͙̠͚̻͚̗̗͖̙̯͓̬̠̤͔͇̤̲͉̠͍̳͊͛͂́̏̃̔̐̀̽͋̀̊͛͛͊̎͗͗͐̃͋͋̔͗͂̂͊́̿̈́̂̒̋̂̿͌̎̂͛͒̂̍̔̀͗̿̇͐́̄̍̽̆͒̆̃̊̾̓͌͗̍̈̔͂͛̇̆̋̒͋̎͑̆̽͐̂̅̽̀̒̌̂̒̉͌̋͂͛̇̃̉̉̀͋̾̽̀͛̆̿͗̂̔͐̒͆̃̎̅̽̊̂̇̄̆̀̇͊̍̓̍͒͑́̆̈͆̽͑̑͌͗̿͛̽̉͗͂̐͛̒̇̊́̄͑̄̉͒̅̒̊͋̉̓̌͒͑̋̒̔̒̃̉̎͐͛͂̌͗͒͆͂̃̒̃͋̃̿̏̇̍̊̅̒̉̐̃̈̏̌̎͋̆̔̽͗͊͛̿̉̆͐͒̍͒̎̂̕͘̚̕͘̕̚̚͘̚͘̕͘͘͘͘͜͜͜͝͝͝͝͠͠͝͠͝͠͝͝͠͝͝͠͝͝͝ͅţ̶̨̡̢̢̧̛̰̰̯̤͓̺͖͕͔͕̖͉̝͓͙̟̞͓͎̺̩͇̦̭̖͕̣͚̳̪͙̟̰͙̯̣̰͕͓̣̹̭̩̈̂̉͋̂̓͗̈̎̚͘͜͜͝ͅͅģ̷̨̨̨̨̧̧̛̛̝͕̰̘͔̥͉̟̱͙̥̰͔͔̦̯̠̻̣̯̫͓͙̬͎͖̠̙̱̝͖̩̠̙̻̱͎̼͙̜̱̪͉͓͕̭͓͉̖̠͇̬̟͕͍̙͇̯̦̖̞̙͕̒̏̏̀̃̐̉̓̎̑͊̈̔̎͌͊̈́͒̈́̽͌͗̆̇̐͋͛̄̔̃͆̾̊̈́̃̔́͂̒͑́͛͐̿̈́̊̆͂͛̋͂͋̽͑̉̍̾͋͂͌̾̏̋̿͗̿̇̃͋̽͛͆̄̄̑͐́̿̉͐̀̔̍͌̈̌̽͋̍͑̊͛̍̽͌͆̋̔̿̌̇̏̚͘̕͘̚͘̕̕͜͜͝͝͝͝͝͝ͅͅͅư̴̧̨̡̨̧̢̨̨̡̧̡̧̧̨̨̧̧̛̞̬͓̗̲̻͙͈̬͎͓̬̤̙͖͓̖̣̟̘̯̝̜͕̞̘̻͕̗̳͈̝̺̭͙̗͖̻̤̺͎̤̲͚͕̻̟̰̲͕̜̲͎̠̰̹͉̗̳̘̦̠̻̗̩̥̰̩͙̼͈͎̠̙̝̜̱̫͚̣̻͕̳̱̱̭͈̣̙̫̜̥̣̝̯̣̣̺͉̯̳͚̯̹͎̗̩͍̱̦̬̯̭͉̥̟͉̳͕̦̼̮̭̘̩͉̩͉͎̺͙̤͍̝̯̱͇̯̠̹͔̳͇̼̮̠͚̹̫͎͚̘͕̳̣͎̜̦͙̫̫̺̘̰̬̟͓̭̺͎̪̼̱͇̮͔̤̲̫͙̲̜̥̝͚͙̮̞̙̫͎͋̒̇̈́̓̊̀͋͗̆̈́͆̓̉͒̈̈̌̃͊̄̀̉̅̈́̏̑͆͆͑́̓͑͐̽͒̅̎̌͂̽͂̌̊́̎̅̒̀͗͛̃̎̽͂̚͘̚̕̕͜͜͜͜͜͝͠͠͝͠͠͝͝͝͝ͅͅg̸̡̢̢̛̛̛̛͉̝̦͖̥͈͎̘̣̱̺̥͙͇͈̦̘̹͔̲̘̜̱͕̼̲̦̪̒̄́̏̿̑͐͐̃̾̎̂̏͆̍͐̋̈̊̊͛̆́̊̾̑̌̿͂̓̄͐̒̈́͗̇̃̑̑̓͆͐̌̊̈̍̅͌̉̉̓͗̒̓̇̎͒̽̈̊̂͊͂͌̾̒͐̄̄̾͌͊̍̂̅̔̓͋̌̐̔́͆̾͆̂̋͒̒͌͑͊̿̈̅͂͌̑̇̅̔̀̅̏̆̆̋͊̐͛̍͆̾̍͆̃̂͗̇͛̅͂͒͊̃̋̉́͊͛͋̂̉̈̂̃̐͗̓̂͋̌̍̐͒̀̄̄͗̑̆͊̎̽̐͋͑̐͋̃͑̅͂̑̃͐́̄̒͊̄̑̎͛̿̆̆͆̎̚͘̕̚̕̕͘̚̕͘͘̕̚̚͜͠͠͝͝͠͠͝͠͠͝͠͝͝͝͝ḁ̸̢̢̧̨̨̨̧̡̡̡̧̨̧̢̧̨̡̛̛̛̛̛̛͈͔̲͙̻̪̭̰̖̯̱͕͉̮͇͎͙͇̟͕̲̲̭͕͓̻̺̱̟̩̟̠̪̫͎̣̰̦͇̣̱͓͚̹͙̲̩̦̙̞̰̜͎̺̜̱͖̲̺̮̙̲̮͉̭͍̟̤͔̻̞̻͇̪̗̬̯̼̳̟͔̞̘̙̯̣̙̦̳̖̻̳͙̭̬͙̙͖̘͕̬͎̠̼͔̼̬̣̜͇̱͈̖̻̹͖̫̱̠͙̘̯̼̙̻̝̘̱̯̥̮̬͚̦̳͈̺̭͓͕̺͓̬̇͒̄̾̌̿̋͂̅̿̑̐́̐͗̒̐͛͐͆̑̌͐̉̂͐̑̍̉̌̈́́͋͂̔̓̊͋̈͛̓̃͂͒̿͋̏̈̿̀̆̊͆͌͛͋̌̊̄̋̆̋̽̃̅̌̃̅͛̐͂̌͊̊̃̒́͗̋̑͊̾͛̌̊̂̑̑̒͆͐̍̿̾̽͑̈͋͌̆͂̎̐͋̃̌͐̿̔̉̌̽͂̈̃̿̃͑͑̈̿̉̔͐̒̍̋̏̂̚͘͘͘̕̚͘͘̚͘̚̚͜͜͜͜͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝ͅͅͅͅa̴̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̘̘̬̝̤̘̫̺̯̳͊̆̈̌͋̈́̇̽͆̇͒͋̓̈́̄̎́̑̔̈́͗̓́̔̍̽̉̀͛̆̊̈́̃̎͒̾͋̆͛̊̊̍̆͋̃͐͆̀̃́̊͗͛̾̒͊̒͊͑̿́̏̽̊̏̋̾̈̇̃̓͛͑̅̊̊͆͒̒̓͛̿͋̏̆͋̒̽̎͛̂͌̾͊̽̍͒̒̒͆͒̆͊͆͆̔̈̓̽͑́̽͂̇̀̉̿̌͋͑͒̓̃̇͑̑̿͂̔̍̉͌̀̄̒̉̾͆̽̉͂͊̏̂̑̄͂̓͌̓̇͋̑͊̍̔̂̄̆͒̓́́͊̑́͊̋͛͛͐̔̑̑͑̄͊͐̃͑̂̆̐̑͆͆̚͘̕̕̕̕̕̕̕͘͘͘̕͝͝͝͝͝͠͠͝͝͠͠͝͠ ̷̧̡̧̢̢̡̧̨̡̡̢̧̢̢̨̡̢̨̨̡̛̜̥͔͎͉̤̻͉̝̣̱̙̝̥̼̘̖̱̝̬̳̭̝̝̞͈̩̦̙̦̯̱͍̩̹͇̺̬̖̺̼̪͇̱͖̲̲̣̘̩̳̺̳̹̗̘̞͔̥͕̝̥̯̠̰̯̦̞̱̻̮̬̦̠͇͇̣̰̲̯̺̲̳͇̺̙̞͉̥̰̥͚̼͔͕̖͖̰̺̹̗͍͇̞̙̥̲̤̤͔͙̖̱̲̬̲̗̜͈̲̰̣͉̩̟̳̫̺̫̤͕̼̗͖̖̤͖͕͚̠̫̦̭̙̠̬̥̣̜͕̥̹̤̣͈̘̮̠̰͙̥̙̫̬̙̣̰̖͍̬͔̖̠͔̙̳̥̙̙͈͖̺̒͆̄̍͛̓́̔̋̂͂̃͒͛̃͌̈͆̌́̑̈͊̀̇̀̇̉̆͊͐̉͂͊͌̏͗̇̾́̏̽͐̾̽̋̇͋͋̀̂̏̆̄̍͂͆́̅̅̀̆̉̓̅͊͛̈̀͒̍̈͋̇͐̐̔̍̈̾͋̎̽͑̊̎̈̄͒̀̃̑͒̋͒̒̽̅̾͆͗̔̓̓͌̎̉̃̽̄͌̽͆͌̊̎̃̌̃͐͂̎͂̑̇̀̆̄̽͋̀͑̄̚̚̚͘̚̕͘͘̕̕͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͠͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͠͠͝ͅͅͅḑ̷̡̢̨̧̢̧̡̧̢̡̧̨̨̛̛̛̛̛̛̦͔̦̖̬̠͉͓͕̫̬̩̫͓͓͚͙̣̤͎̬̪̥̝̝̮̫̖̣̭̰͍͖̙̬̤̲̤̗̼̙̳̩̦͈̙̺͙̞̻̤̪͚̠͖̻͕͕͕͈̜͕̼̜̳͖̗̬̱͍̣̫̱͉̬̯̳̞͍͚̣̘̣̪͓̟͚͇͓͖̻͎̯̠̪̺͙͕̩̟͍̞̺̪̦̩̪̞̮̗̹͔͙̟͈̗̳͍̯̺̫̠̞̖͙̟̠̦͈̣͔̝̣̣̭͇͍̰̖̙̱̪͍͎̭̖̟͇̜͍̭̪̝̥̩͉̖̯̬̪̹̱̼̘͓͇̙̜̟̗̤̳̭̯̣̯͚̦̏́̓͌͌͌̊̒̀̊͌͗̈́̿͋̅̑̾̄̅̔̋̎͂̊̓̉́̃͐̍͋̍̆͋̃̒̓͂͆͊͆́̌̃̍̉͆̓̌̍͗͂̍͆͌͗̔̎̄͂́̍̈̅́̉͆͗͌͗́̅̿̈́̾̔͛̓̅̇́̔̊̍̿̈̄͌͒̐͋̒̊̐̎͒͂̋̂͋̄͑̂̐͂̓̆̏̃̄͒͑͑̇̎́͌̃͂̇̒̒̑̃̆́͛͆̾̂̓̉͗̈̂͊̏̾͑̈́̇͐͋͒̔̂̈̽͆̊̇̑̂̋̕͘̕̕̕͘̕͘̚̕̕̚̚͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͝ͅͅͅͅḑ̸̨̨̢̛̛̛̛̻͔̺̞͓̥̪̪̟̮̮̻͎̯̝̬̬̟̬̫͍̰̘̻̖͇̜̳̤̂̽͛̍̋̈́̓̔̆̿̾͛̃̌͊̂̓̎͊̾̽̏̌̓͊͗͛͆͆̊͆̐͆̈́̑̏̏̌̍̋͐͂͒̈́̍͐͌̒̔̂̊̾̐̉́̏̂͐̆͒̊͑̿͛̽̋̆̏̃̐͂͂̇͐̂̏̃͛͐̽̑̀̂̈͛̅̑͑͐͛̑͗͒̓̋̒̿͛͂̾̆͗̊̅̅̀̐̇͑͐̉̅̔͋̅̐̉͂̿̃̾͛̐̀̄̃̏̌͌͊̾̑͒̌͗̂̑̂̿͂̄̋͊̚̕̚͘̚͘̚̚̚̚̚̕͘͘̚͜͜͝͝͠͝͠͝͝͠͠͠͝ ̷̨̡̨̢̢̢̨̨̨̡̢̧̨̧̧̢̨̡̨̨̧̡̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̦̟̤̼̙̦̻̹̼̳͖̟̘̻̮͎̜̜̬̜̞̬̪͎͉̫̜̫̖̩̙̗̣͇̩̘̪͙͖̥̺̻̝̫̪̭͙̩̥̮̞̠͎͖̦͙͍̟̱̣͎̻͎͓͎̯̭̩̩͍͔͍͓̭̝͙̗̹͚̞̪̯̜͙̙͔̫͇͔̦̻̬͚̞͈̗͕͖̙̮̜͓͕͔̳͇͖̫͕̮̭͎̮̰͙͍̙̞̫̖̞̠͚̩̲̹̟̰͚̙͔̺͎͚̳̱͖͎͚̬̭̦̳͎̫̳͚̖̥̦̺̟̳̺̤̬̪̲̝̪͍͉͈̼̼̹̥̜̙͈̠̬͕̰̯̰̟̯͈̫͕̯̝̳̘͂͐̎̏̇̋͌̈́̋̓͐̌́͑͒́͑͒̾̅͐̇̓͛̇̏͆̍̇̊̿̽͑̓͂̈́̇̽̂͌͆́̎̐̃̈́̀̂̎̆̊̾͗̍̓͑͑̑̈͗͂̊̔̄̂̆̏̑̏̄͋̀̒̾̀̐̈̈̋̍̇̿̾͗̀͛͐́͌̾̋͗͑̇̔̑̇̃̀̈̽̆̍̐̑̎̽̅̀̍͛̌͊̿̃͌́́̿͑̐̒̅͗̑͐̔̄̊͊́͐̑̽̌́͛̒̒̌̃̀̌̾̀͌̉̄̍́͆͌̍̌́̌̒̅̀̂̍͂̃͒͐̆̎͌̀͛̂̂̐̋̾̍̿̍͑̃̐͗̅̆̽̐̂͗̑̂͐̾̾̋͛̂̐̔̾̅̕̚͘̚̕̕͘͘̕͘̚̕̚̕̕͘̚̕̚͜͜͜͜͠͠͠͝͝͝͠͠͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝ͅͅͅṛ̷̡̨̡̧̨̡̡̢̢̧̡̧̢̢̧̢̢̧̨̡̨̛̛̛̛̛͕͚̲̼̫͇̺̬̤͇̜͍͙̖̼͚̜̳̮̥̻̤͇̱̹̖̙̫̦̲̬͍̼̩̖̺̖̖͚̱̞͈̣̹͎̝͚͕̱͇̞͓̻̳̳̹̖̣̬̦͕͍̺̫̗̲̫͔͇̠̻̫͈̹̠̦̖̬̪̜͕̜̝͈͉̣̼̯̰̦͓̲̱̗̻̫͍̫̪̪͖͎̝̳̫̮̗̳̱̦̹͎̻̗̳͓͈̼͈͉͓̹͚͓͍̖̥̝̬͍̜̮̬̪̖̣̙̗͖͕͇̣̺̻̪̦͚͎̙͈̭̤̰̝͕̗̮̞̼̪̯̭̎̌̋͐͗̂͗̇̎̑̿̈́͋͂̐̑̎̆͂̈́͒̀̂͆͛̀̾͆̈̈̋͊̊̈́̎́̎̿̄̔̂̒̈̔̏͗́́͑͗́͌͒̍͂̆͊͗͂̎̎̑̾̿͐͒̔̍̓̉̽̐̿̀̾̌͌̋̐̂́͗͂́͗̎̋̋̽̽̐͗̿͗̎͆́͆̆̑́̒͑̂̇̒̉͌̈͐̽̃̆̓̓́̔̌̉̋̾̊̾͛̓̐̆͌̍̅̿̎͆̒͐̃͂͊̇̎̌̍̓̉̅͒͆̅͒̿́͌̇́̿͊̂̏͌̉͆̅͋͆̾̃̎́̿͌͛̽͋̀̒̌̿̋̌͌̒͐̍̿̔̏̑̔̾͂̀̓͒̀̿́̇̆̿͒̿͋̔͛̅͐͗̐͗̒͒̇̃̐͐͘̕̕͘̕̚̚̚̕͘̚̚̕͘͘̕̚̕̚̕̕͜͜͜͜͜͜͠͝͠͝͠͠͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅ8̵̡̡̧̨̡̧̢̨̡̨̢̡̢̢̡̨̨̡̡̢̧̧̛̛̛̛̛̩̭͍̦̘͉̩̣̲̜̪̪͕̰̯̖̳̣͎̰̤̹͓̖̖̹̙̜͉͎̻͇̼͇̳̙͇̟͕̜͚͖͓̺͓̪̱̠͈̥͇̬̖̳̰̭̰̲̳̭̹̠͚͉̭͓̫̱͖̩̬͕̟̙̘̟̟̙̺̙̖̗͖͖͙̭̗̜̬͚̫͔̪̦͚̜͎̟̺̯͇̳̹͎̯̩̮̲͙̝̺͇͓̹̻̲̺̻̩͖͔͈̳̙͎͎͚̠̼̙̘̫̫͈͚̥̖̤̙̺̲͖̺͖̻͈̯̬̰̱̜͔̮͍̰̪͙̫̞̘͕̦͔̭͇̦̗̘͓͖̰̲͎̼̤̹̥̜͕̖̜̯̯̮̬̙͓̞͖̣͕̥̣̯̬͎̠͕͔͎̳͔̹̳͓̺͙͇͖̜̳̤̙̼̰̣͇̯̯̰̣̩͉͍͙̖͈̳̭̥͔̥͈͔̮̼̩͎͔̻͙͇͙̥̫̟̮̬͚̱̐̊̅̆̽̋̐͒̉̃̽͊͛̃̈́̈̊͋̔͂̾̅̏̐̓̓́́̇̈́̓̓̔̈́̃͒̂̃̋̄̀̌̍͆̓͑̔͗̀̆͊̌͑͑̿̀̒͛͑̈̆͂͊̏͗̌̆͌̅̀̑̇̋́́̌̋͂͐̿̅̉̉̎̀̽͆̌̑̕̚͘̕̚͘͘͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͠͝͠͠ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅ8̷̧̢̢̢̨̢̡̧̧̡̛̛̛̛͔̤̱̖̜͖̣̻̝̱̭̝̲̟̰̻̳̲͈̩̰̠͓͍̟̳̣͇̘̣̪͎͕̖̬̝̝̹͎͔͖͈̹̟̜̻͔̤̜̠̣͙͎̼̙͉̳̭͎̬̗̩̪̝͙̲̟̗̟̪̥̫̺̣͍̪̣̗̰̪̘͈̱͕̘̻̲̬͔̮̘̥̙̦̞͎̭̩̟͔̱̠͎̩͎͕̰͕̭̲̬͔̖̭̬̫͚͉̠̞͉͖͓̥̮͇̜͕̟̮̭͚͇̘͂̅̐̊́̀͌̽̀̊͛̊̿͌̆̍̉̉͛̀͐̈̏̌̋̊͂͒̔͌̌̇͊͋̔̎͂͆͌̈́̌͑̓͛̓̅͋̈͛̉́̇̈̋͂̅̋̇͗̊̍͛̂̆͗̀̃̿̽̄̀͑̿̄̊̇̐̽͑̾͌͑̎͐̐͗̀̅̋̔͑̌̋̑̎͑͐̔͒̚̕̕͘̚̚̚̕̚͘̕̕͜͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͠͠ ̷̢̡̡̧̧̡̢̡̧̢̡̢̢̧̧̛̛̛̪̥͈̗̙̙͖̤͕̼̠͉̙̬͎̜͓̰̘̱̯͙͙͔͎̹̠̲̖̹̰̮̺̲̬̰͔̜͚̘̙̜͔̘̩̖̺̫̜̗̫͍̠̣̮̘̹̮̪͕̘̦͎̣̝̝̺̪̦̜̰̻̜̫͎͎̱̬̹̙̙̞̹̤̹͇̭̫͕͖̖͉̙͙̱̮͇͍̲͚͔̦̣̪͕̬̦̺̝̙͙̺̻̙̯͈̹͚̓́̒͋͂̍͗̓̈́̓̓̉́͋̓͆̒̍̀͒̔̓͆͊̏̆̇̽̀͌͗̏̿̒̽͑̾̈́̀̓̃̓͐͗̃̿̂͌̋̓̃̇͂̓́̄̑̉̎͋̏͑̌̎̾̒̀̈͑̎͛̾͆̐͆̅͌͆̿̆̈̒̃̐͌̏͐̿̊̐͋̌͑̽̒̑͒̇̍̊̍̇̇̋̐̓͋̿̍͐̉͆͆̿͐̽͗̏̌̽͐͌̕̚͘̕͘͘͘͘͘͘͘̚͘͜͜͝͝͝͠͠͝͝͠͝͠͝͠͝ͅ8̴̡̨̨̡̨̢̧̧̢̧̨̨̧̡̧̧̨̡̡̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛͖̻̪͇̟̦̠̳̜͙̦͖̪̻̞̮̖̬̥͕̭̞͈̯̬̫̮̳͇̟̼̞̟͚̰̺̯̘̦̲̭̣̜̦͇̣̲̠̜̞̱̩̳̯͈͍͉̱͙̮̯̱̻̯͔̲̖̪̗̼̦̰̝͙̯̝̱̬̼̯͙̝̫̯̙̩͙̪͇͔̩̲̬̞͙͓͙̲̟͈̖̪̙̤̣̗̗̦̻͕̤̣͔̺͇̞̱̻̞̘̥͚̟͇̝͖̬̗̼͓͎̦̩̗̱̖̺̳͙̰̱̼͙̪̤̫̪̜̼̭̣̜̘͙̘̪͙̙̲̭̖̞̔̂̑̋̀̀͂̅́͛̏̆̎͊͐͒̂̈́̈͒̀̆͆͂̋̎̐̾͋̄̓̀̎̀͗̈͒̑̀̀͆̿̒͆͗̐̅̓̓̆̔̅͌͌̎͂̒̑̄̓̍̄̇̿̇̾̿̇̉̆͛̏̍̈̃̽͊̌͋̈̿̋̒̿̌̈͐̎͂̐̅̐̃̀̂͂̈͆͋͑̇͗̓̏̆̈̿̒̈̊̎̋̆͒̈͗̈̍̔̎̉͆̍̓̄͐͂̍̌͛̐̀͑͗̈͛͂̊̂̆̀̓̋͂̃̂̇̾̇̑̇͐̆͌͌̋͊͊̇͒͊̽̃̎̄͛̊̎̏̋̀̈̐̿̂͛̾̂̏̽̈̉̋͆̌̍̽̎͌͗̚̚̕͘̕̚̕̕͘̚̚̕͘̕̕͘̚̕͜͜͜͝͠͠͝͝͝͠͝͠͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅt̴̢̢̧̡̨̧̨̡̨̡̨̢̨̨̨̡̡̢̢̨̤̮̰̠̹͓̩͓̺̯̭͍͔̯͍͓̙͙̠̟͖̲̦̝̟̰͇͕̟̣͙̻͉̱̩̻̩̱͈̣̟̫̳̦̱̙͕̮̪̭̦̰̻͇̜̘͓̘̣̝̲̘̤̣̺̻̻̘̖̳̠̖̼̬̳͚̥͈̟̖̪̥̜̞̻̙̗̖̮̼̼͈̪͍̳͔̱̮̻̲̤̜̤͓̗͔̝͖͓̳̠̺̘̣̹̗̣̯̝͍͈͇̰͕̬̼̹̯̬͚̼̜̦͎̺͎̼̟̝̞͔̠̘͖̫̫̺̟̖͚͓̫̖̩̩̙̼̰̥̣̰̟̰̻͉͚̹̜̞͖̦̟͖͚̱̖̼̬̙̤̲̠̪͚͙͚̗̼̦̤̰̜̖̱̣͕̫̼̝͚̦͓̜̦̲̦͚͇̲̯̩̙̟̘͎̙͈̘̖̤̦̝̲̱̘̗͖̣̗̜̤͇̯̣̥̋̏̄́̂͋͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͠ͅͅͅͅͅǧ̷̢̡̢̨̧̨̨̢̖͇͇̱̤̲̪̪̘̯͔̘͙̣̙̩̗̹̮̟͔̺͔̦͙̱͉̯̻̝̟͓͔̻̝͉͎̟̺̹̬̩̳̻͖̣̞͓̦̼̤͉̠̘̠̹̬̼̹͉͚̺̤̹͓̤̥͖̳͓͓̳̬̣͎͈̹̥̭͖̭̯͙̖͇̱͇̤̖̲͇͍̙̙̺͐̉̽̓́̄̾̌͛͛͊̈͗͜͜͝ͅư̷̧̨̨̢̨̧̛̛̻͇͉͈͎̬̼͚͔͍̩̯̺̝̫̱̮̦̰͚̥̲͈͈̩͇͎̘̻̳̘̦̼̝̙͍̞̱̬̟̲̣̹̲͔̪̥̝͎͔̙͚̱͓̣̬̦̰̯̮̘͍͙̻̞̙̗̯͍̥̯̋̈͐̈́̆͑̎̇̋͑̍͋́̈́̇̅̋́̄͐̃̊͗̽̐̓͗̎̔̐̀̌͊̎́͘̚̕̚͜͝͝ͅğ̸̢̢̨̧̢̛͔̭͖̱̼̲̩̤̝̲̜̖̳̟̫̫̟̪̯̰̤̙̮̥͍̠̺̺̲͎̜̜̞̣͎̤̞̘̦̰͈̮͔͙͍̻̝̝̼͓̖̣͖̱̞͈̿͌̋̊́́̄͂̔̈̈́̑̆̃̓̍̓̈͆̍̈́̐̎̿͋́̇̂̒̔͛̔̈́̾̑̽̅͊̔̌̽̀͆͌̇̔̀͑̍͗̑̌̉̀̌͗̆͆̂̐͊̑̓̐͆̉̽̆͂̕̕̕̕͘̚̕̚͘͜͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͝ͅͅͅạ̵̢̨̨̧̨̢̨̧̨̧̛͇͙̱͚̫̦͕̰͈̫̩̘̹͓͔͔̲͓͓̠̖̺̠̪̫͈̼͈͚͇̺͖̖͖͉͙̗͚͇̮̞̳͚̼̗̺̖͙͍̥̳̬̜̱̘̮͎̦̰̪͉̰̩̪̫͙̯͉͈̥̗͕̤̺̞̘̜͚̯͉̬͓̖̼̬̼̼̝̦̤̖̲̦̰͇͔̬̭̰̟͕̱͇̱̻̯̮̗̉͐͊͊̈́͒̉̍̾̀̾͋̑͌͛̃̉̓́̀̂͐̈̈̌͗͗̈́͐̆̎̌̓͒͌̂͛͊̓͂̑̂͗͒̃̔̃̅̍̄̌̕͜͜͜͜͜͠͝͠ͅͅͅǎ̶̢̨̨̢̛̛͕̜̟̜̖̜͉͓̖̲͙̺̳̰͇̱͕͔̲̲̼̦̩̥̬̤̭̫̬̙͚̮̱̬͙͎̬͓̹̺͉̜̲̟̞͕̣̤̱̤̝̹̞̼͉͇̟͈̲̭͎̘̔͂͒̾͋́̆̅͑̉̃͑̌͗̀́͋́́̈́̑͗̆̌̇̒͌̐̅̏͑̎̀̎̏̅͆̏̎̌͛̏̂͛̎̐̓̾͌̀͋͆̃͌̊̎͂̿̐̂͐͗͊͊͐̾̄̌͒̇̆̾̄̿̽͆̃̀̉͐͛̀͛̔̔̀͐͛̏̐̎̈̄̿̉̿͂̌͛͐͛̓̽̊͆̄̆̋͋̐̉̉̉̂̃̍̄̒̈̾͌͑̉̏̔̊̏̔̐̍́͛̒͊̑̄̾͐̽̿̑͗̔̽͒͗͌̅̈̇͒̔̾̓̏̇̽̚̚̕͘̚̚͘͘̕̕͜͝͠͝͝͝͠͠͝͝͝͝͝͠͝ ̶̧̡̡̨̢̧̡̡̢̧̢̡̨̧̢̧̧̺̭͙͔͙̯̪͉̥̬̲͈̮̰̞̬̳̤̗̻̭͙͍͙̖͙͉͓͍͈̬͙͕̻̣̼̬̲̞̯̩͖͎̦̮͎̥̫̥̳̜̦̻͈͉̤̲̭̜̯̠͙̳͔̮̥̙͍̞̪͈̰̤̲̩͇̟͍͉͕̼̺̪̥͚͚̗͉͕͕̮̬̯̮̱̳̟̩̟͓̺̪̩̺̹̥̳̹̦̦̞̮̪̣͍̲̱͔͈̰̜͖̲͎͈̝̰̳̗̠͍̜̼̪̳̭͙͇̥͓̯̣̺͖͖͔̩̟̝͇̪̝̋̎͐̎͐́͋̇̒͋͗̇̈̀̎̄͋͛̈́̄̾̈́̆̅̀͂̃̍͒͋̐́̐͛̀̈́̀̑͌͌͑̀̆̅̃̍͐̽̀̿͐̍̿̍̂͑͐̐̑̇̈̓̅͑̿̔̏͑̂̔̇̎̐̓̓̇̾̃̅͊͗̐̿̔̽̽̃͑̃̍͒̋͌͗̌͊͋̍͂̅̽̊̍͑́͐̔͌̽̐͊̚̕̚͘̚̕̚͜͜͜͜͜͠͝͝͝͠͠͠͠͠ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅḏ̸̡̢̡̢̡̢̡̧̧̛̛̟̥͍̲͍̣̜̯̝̩̺͇̬̝͈̜̮͕̦͔̘̘͓̺̮̬͇͖͓̼̟̪̲̼̪̮̳̼͇̞̳̘̰̲̤̥͚̺̳̰̠̦̪͕̣͙͕͓̬̗̜͚̤̲̥͈̬̖̘̬̟̍̎̍͋͂̀̾̈̔̃̀̍̽̆̉͑̒͐̊̓̎́́̏͗̓̈̓̿͗͗̐̈́̆̽́͊͒͂͒̏̎̉̋̇́̑̎̃̑̄̓͛̂͋̅͌̏͌̂̌͌̌͐͐̇̅͊͊̃͋̃̈̑͆͑͑͛͐͆̀͂͊̒͌͋̏̎̿͂̒̓̆̽͌̒̾̽̅̇̿̈͒̑̃̉̓͆̏̒͐͋́͒̏̄̍̑̾͌͋̿͑̒̇̅̂̾̾͂͗̄͂̅͐̄̑͌̎̒̆̑͊̎̀̅̃͗̍̆̊̃͒͘̚̕̕̕͘̕̕̕̚̚̕̕̕͘̚͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝ͅͅd̷̨̡̧̢̧̨̢̢̡̨̡̡̨̨̛͙̟̱̦̥̗͇̻̠͍̮̬̦̥̘͎͕̬̫̱̣̱̪̬͙͉̦̯͉̻̜̮̙͔̼̭̩̳̱͍͉̳̩͚͕̲͉̟̖͚͉̪̞̱͖̦̞͔̗͇̹̞̮̼̹̟̦̦̝̩̣̹͉̯͖͕̭͉͚̙͔͔͙̮͙̳̹̣͔̻̩̩̯͚̳̗̹̗͔̳̭͇̫̹̗͈̖̟̘̙̱̭̺̦̖͙̹̤̯̣̺̬̙̙̟̹̥̥͔̞̹͖̼̹̣͙͖̪̟͍̱̮͖͎̳̙͉̳͇̟͓̥̩͓͉̩̰̱̲̩̃̾̓̇̄̽̐̀͐̐̄͂̈́͐̈́͋̊̌̎̈͊̊̓͛̄͐̈́̌̀̃̒̋̊̀̂̀̆̈̈̽̐̍̈̂̆͆͘͘̚̕̚͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͠͝͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅ ̴̢̢̧̨̡̨̨̨̨̧̨̡̢̢̧̡̨̨̢̡̛̛̛̛̛̛̣̪̬͔̩̙͖̹̗̪̜̭̳̹̹̗͉̱͚͈̭̜̜̮̬̗̼̺̻̞̠̙͕̭̦̤̼͇̺̥̭̯͖͕̱̫̬͓̻̩̼͎̤͈̞̝͉͕͙̠̖̠̟̗̜͇̬̤̰͇͕̭̝̱̱̥̩̠͎͚̠̞̰̠̩̤̟̯͖̤͉̖̭͇̣̥̹̲̣͎̦̬̲̭̖̤͍̬̰̩̭̳̗̺̻̜̪̰̞̦̰̪͙̱̦̤̳̗̙̫̰͙̳̫̥̰͕̥̹̟͓̮͕͉̲̭̗̦̯͔̱̣̺̹̟̰͖̮͎̰̘̘̺͎̠̝͙̘͇̞̰̟͇̟̼̅̀́͗̾́̏͑̔̉̌͆̉̐̾̈́̾͂̽͛̊͛̂̎̋͂̐͌̏̈́̃̓̈́̃́͆̄̀̑͗̇̔̿͛͋̋͒̾̎́̾̾͋̋̾̊̉͋͒́̽̿̆̍͛̇̂̓̑͋͐̎̑̓͗̃͊́͑̂͋̎͐͆̀̀̑̋̑̅͛̃͒͒̅̃̓͑̃͊̊̿͒̃̍̿͐̃͗́͂̂̏̋̿̅̾̏͂͊̇̋̄̊̿̄̍̓̔̍̌̂̑͆̿̃̂̏͘͘͘͘̚̚̕͘̕̚͘̕͜͜͜͜͠͠͠͝͝͝͝͠͠͝͝͝ͅr̶̨̛̤̘͇̹̫̞̺̣̰̙̤̩̻͍͎̼̱̣̖̙̜̳͉̦̞̝̥̲̤͌̆̆͂̏͐͋̈́̍̈́͑̄̎̍̓̂̀̀͗̒̊̎̚͝ͅͅ8̶̡̨̨̧̧̡̡̢̢̨̛̛͎̜̹͍͚̳͍̞̻̝͈̤̰̦̖̼͓̱͉̗̯̟͈͇͍̻̠̫͍͍̮̖̯̤͖͙̼̯̯̞̮̜̲̯̬͚̘̙͖̰̞̺͎̰̬̤̦̪̺̻̩͈̬̥̙̗̟̘̙̣͔̣̬͖͈̥̗̜̜̦̖̝͇̮̞͔͍̖̤̖̘̼̞̼̩͉̥̺̻̝͖͔̠͈̯̳͕͉͔͇̼͖̤̺̑̎̒̑̀͒̔̓͐͗͑͑́̒̈́̽͗̏̊̈́̽̀̇̍̎͒̓̏́̅̌͊̾̿͐̓̽̔̊͐͐͆̃̈́̑̾̀̑́̈͗̎́͒͑͂́̊͋̋͋̔̅̈͂͐̅̆̀͐̓̍̊͗̋̾͋͒̌͑͒̃́̄̉͐̆͛́͐̄͐̉̔͑̿̓͋͂̽̌̽̾̋̾̾͛̂͊̌̐̿̽̅͐̅̃͌͂̊̎̃͘̕̕̕̚̕̚̕̕̚͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͠͝͝͝ͅͅ8̸̢̢̨̢̧̧̨̢̡̨̨̡̡̨̧̡̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̰͇̪̣̗̪̦͇̭͉͇̭͉̟̞͈͍̻̼̺̩͔͈̥̞̳͙̪̳̗͇̤͙͓̺͇̳͕͕̭̮͙̲̖̻̪̳̯̲̥̣̖̭̤̙͚͈͓̬͈̻̣̞͇̟̯̤̳̘̭̱̻̳͚̥͕̦̣͍͙͎͔͎̦͇͙͕̪̝̠͕̜̟̼̮̣̱̮̯̪̫̬͔͍̺̭͔̳̘̝͈̯̪̜̘̳̬̭̠͚̞̝̩̫̖̜͇͓͔͎̦̩̜̲͖̫̲͎͍̱̰͔̲̥̮͈͎̭̘͓͉̥̯̭̤̺̜̭̪͕͚̱͉͓͕̺̝͉̙̳̤̱̠̻͇̬̲̈́̏̈͋͛̔͐̄̀̏̾̈́͊͗͆͛̔̀̈̄͂̍̃̂͒̈́̃̈́̍̆̓͑̅̓̀̈́̈́̈́͐̂̑̇̅̊̈́͑̇͋̒͗̓̔̌̍̄͑̋̈̂̉̑̾̅͌̓̀̐̍͐̋͌̌̃͑̊̋̾̊̿̔͒͒̊͛͐̏͛̑̈̍͛͒͐͐̌̔͒̊̓̎̅̈̏͑̐̅͌͋̏͑͘̕̕͘͘̚̕̚̚͜͜͜͠͝͝͠͝ͅͅͅͅͅ ̴̧̨̨̢̛̛̛̛̛̼̲̱̰̗̘̩͓̯͍̘̜̤̬̪͍̺͚̣̘̮̝̻̭̗͖̙̰̳̺̈́̿͑͒͛̌̍̋̑̀̆̂͂͂̆̈̑͒̒̓͊̏̄̓̓̈́͐̇͆̍̔̋̊̾̅̅̊͛̑͋̀̌͒̾͑̂͊͐́̆̉͌̅͊͊͛̿͊̈̑͆̇̏̂̔̅̂͑̒̍͋̍̆̏̒̌͑̿͗͌̆̔̿̀̒͑̌̌͒̄̈́͛͒̓̿̔̈̓̄̈͌̿̌͐̎͛̓̓͆͊̾̿͐͌̇̾͆̐̀̌͂̅̓͛͆̏́͌̃͊̆̔̽̉͐̍͌̂͂͛͛̀͒̾͌͌̄̒̔̌́̽̑͗̔̆͐̐̉͌̿̓̿͂̽̋͒̉̏̌̌̔͂͑͌̓̋̒̃̋͑̎͌̊̂̓̾͋͛͌͊̑͗͐̔̆̿̇͑̂̄̇̄̋͂͌̑͘̚͘̕̕̚͘͘̚̚̚̚̚̕̕̚͘͘̕̚̕͘͜͜͝͝͝͝͠͠͝͝͝͝͠͝͝8̷̨̛̛̛̭̲̱̼͖̰̳͇͈̣͙̭̯͇̩͍͕͓͔̮͖̹̬͕̋̆͗̀̎͑̊͐͌̎̉͑̋̈͒̓͌̆̿̂̀̅̾͗̊̆͋̏̂̓̀̌́̊̀͆̉́̀͛̃̌̅̎̃̂͊̓͊͂̅̇͐̄̅͌̇̓̃̑̍͂̾͆͊̑̆̍̂̏͗͑̑̊͌́̍͐̐̄̑̏̑̈̇̐̏͒̆͊͐̓̅̚͘͘͘̚̚͘͘̕̕͜͜͝͠͠͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͠t̶̨̧̧̢̨̢̧̨̨̢̡̡̡̧̧̨̡̧̧̢̹͕̲̖̱̗̫̞͎͕̦͚̝̦̳̦̩̗̼̱̟̱̙̺̪̣̹͙͔̱͈͕̖͕̭̼̺̬͇͚͎̯̯̗̮̣͖̻͉̭͚̣̪̳̺͍̖̻̰͖̩̣̳͖͙̝̤̲̹͚͓̺͎̭͕̤̦̼̤̤̳̱͈̗͈̬͕͎̞̰͎͚̩̫͖̺͇̬̯͚̬̫͕̞̹̠̘̙̳̦̘͎̥̲͎̩̝͎̪̱̘̖̙͇͍̺͔͎͔͍̦̰̯̖̤̰̹̼̯̜̙̥͚̣̯̻͚̻̝̥͈̱̪̪͓̳̪̗̘̰͉̠̟̼̙̮̹̜̭̖̱̙͓̱̗̗͇̘͓̪̙̩͙̞͈͎̥̪̱̝̟͉̥͈̖̩̫͖̜̣̲̥̣̭͌̊̎̑͊͌̅̇̐̀̿̏̂̈́͘̕͜͜͜͜ͅͅͅͅͅͅg̷̢̢̢̡̧̧̢̨̡̢̨̡̢̡̨̢̧̨̧̢̢̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̠̘̙͈̠̦̣͔̰̤̻̼̠̪̲̥̙̜͓͎̱̺̫̳̯̖̝̙̥̼͔̯͕̬̞̗͈̣̗̝̺̖̤̫̰͚̞̜͚̘̲͓̲͚̟͕̗̰͉͈͙̩͚̪̳̞͉̣̼̠͖͇͙̙̯̠̺̻̹̭̭͕̜̘̖̝̰͖̦̹͚̲͇͎̥̮̪̩̹̲̻̘̭̻̥̳͓̘͎̪̰͓̳͖̟̫̞̜̖̳̰̲͔̱̞̰̱̮̝̥̜͖̦͇̱͕̹̣̺̭̖͍̬̪͙̙̺̩͚̖̱̼̜̮͍̠̘͔̭͍̹̣̯̭̬̱̤͎͍̩͍̖͉͍̯̥̺̱͓͖͎̼͙̭̉̽́͂͛̉̈́̃̊̍͒͋͑̔̓̈̓͋̈͌̓̓̌͊̓̄̔̎̂̀̈͂̈́̆̃͆͊̒͑͒̃̃̾͒́͛̀̆͒̓͐̿̈͆̾͑̒̅͒͗̉̎͋͐̋̈̾͋͗͑̎͗͂͌̒̾͊̓̐͆͂̃̒̑̆͋͋͐̓̈̎̾͌͋͛̈͐͐̽̿̈͋̔͗͂̑͂̅̒̉̒͗͑̇̊̓͗͑͑͂̃͆̓͌̀̿͋̆̏̑̂͗͆̔̏̐̏̍͒̎͆̾̈̿̏̊́̈̓̈̆̑̒̈̒̉̀͋͗͆̅̎͌̄͐̂͛̔̅̾̐͛͂̆̈̋̽͂̐̿͒̈̃͊̑̊͛̂̈́̄̿̐̔͆̌̎̊̏́̿̈̍̍̇̄̋̏̀͐͐́̉̀̽̾͗̊͆͒̏͛̐͛̇̚͘̚̚̚͘͘̚͘̚͘̚̚͘͘̕͘̕͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͠͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͠͝ͅͅͅử̵̢̢̢̨̡̡̡̧̡̨̡̨̨̢̢̧̧̧̢̡̢̢̡̨̡̡̨̛͚͎̜͈̤͚̹̘͓̲̪̣̙̳͖̙͈̜̝̞̜͔̰̣̤̯̬̟̬̫̻̥̘̗̣͖̤͙̖̫̤̲̮̹͈̥̮͙͎̺̞͖̭͍͓̹͈̤͙͔̭̮̜̦̩̰̗̙̥͙̝͓̮̞͓̰̥̣̗̪̮̲̙̟͎̝̬̝͕͓̼̫̙̞͎̬̠͎̠̼̙͎͚͉͖̪̯̬̯̱͔̗̮̝̫̤͓̟̘͕͉͖͎̜̩̬͇̥̯̱̦̬̣͚̼͔̫̩̜͔̞̰̪̰̬̜̫̖̯͉̻̫̝̜̮̘̻͔̫̰̘͓͙͇̟̗̬̫̣͇̜̙̥͈̙̼̣̣͎̝̟̺͍͕̪̝̫͑͊͑̑͊̽͋̐̐̽͛̈́̎̀́̂͗̽̀̓̿̐̏̾́̔͗̀̍̊̈́͗̉̆̈́̎̐̎̈́͗̀̈́̽͋̈́̐͆̆̈̋̐̄͛̔̈̓̋̂̒́́͆͘̕͘̚̕̚͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͠͝͝͝͠ͅͅͅͅͅg̵̛͓̪̜̖̫͓̮̜̩̹̽͐̓̅̏̍̋̇̾̆͌̈́̔͆͆́̊̓̽̆͗͗͆́͑̉̃̓̽͊̄͛̔̾͒̄̊͌̓͋͂́͊̽́̍̓́̄͗͒̇̓̏́̀̆̔̉̾̿̆͘̕̚̕͘̚̕̕͘̚͝͝͝͠͠͝a̷̡̧̢̡̧̢̢̧̧̨̢̢̧̧̨̢̨̨̛̛̛̩͙̣͙͎͎͇͖̤̗̬̯͚̖͚̙̮̯̝̲͚̖͈͙̳̣̰̰͓͎̱̙̼̤͔͓̮͇̳̫̪̖̬̘͖̣̠̠̹̦͇̞͎̳͇̖̦̣̬͈̮͙̣̣͍̠̠̤̗̟̮̱̞͎̜͖͚̯̲͇̙̻̭͉̗̝̘̟̞̳̮̫̼̬͉̭̤̹̞̣̹̝̜̼̗͔̜͔̬͙͇̝̜̝̻̲̻͈͇̳̙̤͖͈͚͖̟̬͈̖͚͈̲͇͉̣͎͈̻͓̜̘͎̙̣̬̱͍͖̼̣̣̫̺̫͖̖͖͎̫͍̰͈̰̖̲͙͚̩̼̰͕͈͙̰͇̞̺͐̅̈́̔͆̌̍̍͋͂̂̈͆̆͐͛̉̿̍͐͌͒̑͂̊̋̃͂̀̊́̇̀͌͂́̔̓̅̀̉̇̋͆̀̈́͐̋̀͋͆̅̔̏̒͗͂̽̀̎̏̂̈̐͊̆̆̈̇̆̋͆̐͌̅̊͒̄͑̾̐͗̅̋̔̑͗̾̂̑͗͌͂̋̽͑̿̐̀̏̉͐̿̇̒̒̐̿̿̔͑̊͋͌͒͊͛̆̉̍͛͑͛̾̈̅̋͗̒͌͂͗̉̿̑̋̆̾̇͋͂̑̈̿̆̌̒͗̇̃͆̆̐̋̃͌̓͐͋͊̿͂̍̊͋͛̍́̏̊̾̑̕̚̕̚͘͘̚͘̕͘̕̕̕͘̕̕͘̕̕̚͘͘̚̕͘̕͘͜͜͠͠͝͝͝͠͠͠͠ͅͅͅà̸̢̨̡̡̡̧̨̡̧̨̨̢̨̡̢̡̢̛̛̛̛̛̛̯͇̹̜͓̮͔͇̳̹̱͚̳͉̖̳̪̫̦̻̟̱̩̰̳͇͚̥̹̩̬̩̣͙̞̝̯̖̱͔͈̲̻̤̣̘̲̣̟͙̯̠̟̝̩̱̪̬̟͔̣̱̥̭̟̮̜͍̣͖̣̜̮͇̫͈͎̖̥̩̲̥̗̹̞̩̗͇̫͚̙͇̞͍̯̳̦̦̥͇̳̤̠̦̱͙̜̯̯̞̹̗͉̲̬̘͕͉͚͖̰̳̰̺͇̌́͗͊̓̏̽̈̓̓̎́̆̀̃̾̈́̐̾̈́̓̇̎̽͛̎̊̾͆̓̉̆̌́̿͆̇͒͂͑̽͂̓̀̄̇̈̑́͐̑̈̈̽͐̅͋͊͒̽͒̊̒͊͊̒̊̏͌̃̏̎̑́̂͊̃͂͆́̆͛̅͐́̔́̂̌̓̉̄̾͗̋̊̾̋͋̇̊̂̄͆̂̓̀͛̉͋́̽̈̂̍̽̌͑͐͌͆̇͐̑̂͒̀̅̌̔̌͒͐̊̈̐̋̌̄̂̾̍͐̉̔̐͊̀̐̈̾̌̃̄͊̚̚̚̚͘̚̕̚̕͘͜͜͜͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͠͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅ ̸̧̧̨̢̢̨̨̢̨̧̛̛̛̩̬̻̻̱̼̻̖̟͉̹̰̪̰̫͍͖̣̱̤̤̘̻̮̞̘̜̟̖͎͖̠͇̲̠͚̹̰͇̫̗̝͓̞̤̫̪̗͖̳̳̠̦̤̘̪̩͈͍̣̜͇̞͕͕̠̘̣͈̦͕͈̫̦͕͙̻̞̱̪̺͇̟͓͚͍̠̳̼̜̖̗̪͙͖̫̮̖̦͉̠̣͎̘͓͔̪͚̖̦͙̞̟̤̳̱̱̞̤̖̲͈̠͉͕̙̤̲̥͖͉͇̗͔͖̺͉̼̞͙͔̹̟͉̣̠̲̰͓̪̰̦̲̦̖̘͌̾͂̃̉̀̊̿̊͐̎̅̌̇̍̉͐̓̿̍̽̔̍̒̂̍̿̽̊̿͒̅͐̒̇̊̔̃̔̀̇̽͆̑͛̄͂̂͗̃̇̏͂͐̽̔͆͆̈̄͌̿͊̂̅̿̄̆͐͑͌̒͂͒͂͆̋͛́̈̈̓̀͌͆̏̿̇̅͗̿̄͑͂̈̒̊͛̓̍̿̔͑̍͒̊̈̍̋̌͆͊̒̅͛͗͋̇̃̄̂̍̕̕̕̕̚̕̕̕͘̚̕͘̕͘͘͘̚̚̕̕͘͘̚̚͜͜͜͜͠͝͠͠͝͝͝͠͝͠ͅͅͅͅͅḑ̷̡̨̨̨̨̨̡̡̢̧̧̧̢̨̢̡̧̧̧̡̧̢̧̧̨̢̡̛̛̛̛̛̪̥̘̩͈̫͎̥̹̳̮͍͚̤͔̥̹̭͓͇̱͇̜̖̭̗̭̜̰̥̼̱̭̜͉̝͚̱͉̼̤̲̩͖͎̬̘͉͉̪̤͉̮͎̯̹̼͕̪̠͉͎̲͔̻͎̝̘̖̙͈̩̘̺̦̠͖̫̝͍̯͈̟͇͎̫̹̲̭̯̜͎͉̤̹͍͕͇̥̟͍̞̭̝̣̩̳͉̝̟̘̣̗̺̼̻̺̳̺͓̻̦̟͖͔̭̝̟͇̹̙͇̦̩̙̬̭̣̞̣̟͎̻͖͇̳̞͍̠̜̝̘̣͖̪̫͙̙͎̬̬̙͇͖̫̗̼̮̯̩̲̞̱͓̞̣̺̲̲͚̟̙̮̙͖̮͉̖͉̥̙̗͚̜̝̠͇̘̙̰̮̣̤̺̘͙̬͈̝̺͕̞̬͕͎̪̦͔̝̳͚̺̺̜̩̰̯̰͚̝̩̬̹̯̥̲͚̯̜̳̹̝͉̼̬̘̠͈̞͓͉͚̙̦͉͆̔͑̔̆̀̈́̓̈́̂͑̿͋̍̄̀̀̈́̃̇̏̃̑͌͌̋̃̀̔̑̒͒̎̾͂̇͂̑͑́͌̔̾̋̆́̀̽͌̈́̎̊͌̽̃̇̃̑̌̾͋͒̊̃͊̏̊͋̎̊͐̋̉̂̌̇̆̀̂̏̆̌̉̋̓̅̾̐̑̊̇͒͑͑͊͗͌̌͗̇͊̐̈͗͋̾̿̏̍̑͐̃͂̒͑͂̑̄̽͆̑̿̊̍͑͋̒̄̔̿̓̿̓̑͆͛̇͛̔̔͑̈̔̅̑̕̕̕̚̕͘͘̚͘͜͜͜͜͜͜͠͠͝͝͠͠͠͝͠ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅd̶̢̧̡̡̡̧̨̧̡̧̨̨̢̢̢̡̡̡̢̨̛̛̛̛̛̬̣̬̝̝͎͈̙̫̭̬͇̺̖̠͉̥̖̯̤͚͍̫͖̺͍̹͎̖̝͕͕̲͉̺̠͙̻̜̟̟̮̙̲̠̭̯̲͎̟̖̜̺̮͖̤̗̱̠͎̤̺͎̟̜̠̣̘̯̣̤͚̬̦̠̲̠̖̱̯̺͕̬̝͓̹͇͙̬̥̬̙͙̥̩̣͙̦̝͉͎͎̙̟̪͉̗̺͔̪͚̞̜̲̤͓̥̪̺͎̹̹̫̤̩̖̩͓͖͕̝̱̼̘̗̤̲͖̖̥͈͉̭͈͓̞͚̮͕̗̥̲̙̞͍̖͎̥͎͉̳͇̯̣̹̞̣͎̻̗̲̙̗̹͚͍̰͈̘͍̬̥̟̠̘̫̜̺͈͔͇̙͓̭̺̱̠̳̱̖̦͍͔̯͇͓̘͉̼̝̠͍͍̘̬͎̟̼̠̻̦͓͌̓̋̿͗̄̑͑̀̊̄͌̍͛̂̾̈̓̿̆̇͒̊̑͐̏̄͆́̀̄̐̿̐̾̉̏͗̎̉̈́̒̉̏̈́̊̂͛͒̇̂̆͊̌̒̉͒̑̽̋̎̈̀͗̊́͊̌͌͋̏̑͆̃͒̔̊̑̌͋͗͌̉̒̃̎̏͛͛̃͊̾́̏̇̃̍̉͊̔̈͗̇͊̆̐̐͋̉̃͛̂̉͊̒͒͗̒̂͆̃̈̍͗͒̍̐́͑̿͂͆̓͆̑̿̒̐́͗̑̓̀͊͛̀́̿̃́́̾͒̍̉̋̄̎̽̉̆͂̃̏̎̽̒̋̓̀̋͌͒̃̌͗́͒͊̒̈̀͗̽̄̈͘̕̚̚͘̕̚̕̕̕͘̕̚̚̕̕̕͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͠͠͝͝͠͝͝͝͠͝͠͠͝͠͠͝͝͝͠ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅ ̶̡̢̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̘̲͚͈͕̝̩̺̤̝͍̟̬͙̫̦͇̦̬͉͈̤̜̟̰̋̅̇̓̐͑̀̇͗̃̇̏̈͒̅̉̓̈̆̾̒̈́͌͆̃̌͐̌̐̆̄͊͗̇͊̈́̆͋̈͋͂̀̎͗̍̇̉̀͑́͗̂̐̍̑̌̄̾̄̆͒̾̒͒̑̃͗̓̓̃̏̆͐̈͐̿̔̽̃͑̏̔̂͗̏̏̿̌̓̽͌̉͆̋̊̌͒̉͊͊̾̾̔̊͐̏͆̌̑̅͗͐̐̾̾̍͑̿͐̎͂͐̉̂͊͂͋̈̇͋̀̔̍̏̿͛̏̏͋̄̓̽͒̽̀̔͐͋̉̒̀͒̍̔̍̇̆̿̅̀̿͆̿͐̾͂̋̊̇̓͐̓̏͐͗͐͂̋́͆͋͆̈̐̽̈̈͐̇͆̅͒̓͂̆͐͑̀͑̾̌̃̌̄͂͑̿͂̌̐̅̓̈͗͛͊̕̚͘̚͘͘̕̚̚͘̕̚͜͜͝͝͠͠͝͠͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͠͠͝͝ͅͅṙ̶̢̧̨̧̡̨̨̨̧̢̡̧̢̡̢̢̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̦͉̠̤̮̘͈͙̯͍̘̩͎̺͔͈̙͙͓͖̮͓̣̫̱̹̰̤̞͈̖̥̲̠̙̦͈̣̖̲̙͍̘͇̬͉̫̭̹̺͈̹̳̩͕̱̤̯͚͕̤̪̣̪̩̲̪͉̹͈̫̫̳̭̪͖̤̘͕̣̝͈̜̗̮̰̱͔̹̖͙̖̞͇̹̝̜̳͙̦̞̞̟̠̹͕̞͎̘̙̰̻̥̠̺͇̻̰̪̫̠̝̳̰̟͉͓̫̟̞̮̩̩͙͙̣̣͉̤͚̠̖̗̗̙̭̲͚͈̣͈̻̱͚̣͈̠͍͔̟̲̼̥͖̼̪̠͔̟̼̪͕̜͉̖̙͉̲͈̻̟͔̊͆̊̈́̾̎͗̑͛͆̏͆͆̌͌̓̅̀̊͗͑̂͑͋̔́̔͊̇̓̈́̋̇̍̂͑͊̄̾̆̈́͛̓̍̄̿̋͂̍̐̾̓̿̃͐̑̈̀̍̊̾̀͐̔͌̌̓̎͐͗̓̏͒̅͛̓̽̃̉͊͗͂͌̋̋̂̆͛̐̉͋̐͑͂̾͒̊͂͂̋̀͋̄̊̏͑͗̄̆̂̄͆̔̆̆̊̈͑̂̐̆̅̈̈̍̂͒̑̋͑͊̈̌̒̆͂͌̿̌̂̄̀͗͛̀͂́̇͛͗͆̀̅̿̀̾͒̑̀͛̔͐̊̀͒̒̆̄͊̅̄͛̐̍͛͂͊̏̌̆̾̅̉͋́͋͑͛͒̐̅͊͗̍̀̂̚̚̕̚͘̕̕͘̚̚͘̕͘̚͘̕̕͘̚̕̚̕̚̕̕͘̚̚͜͜͜͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅ8̴̢̨̨̡̨̛̛̛̛̛̛͙̠̳͕̻̩̱̟̞̮̟͙͕̦͍̰̦̣̠̣̟̝̹͔̼̪̘̙̥̻͓́̈́͌́̾̏̈́̑́̌̍̋̾́͌̌̂͛̏̽́̓͒̐̑̓̀̓̈́̄̔̃͌͗̑̔̊͗̈͋̎̄͒͋͒̂̽̓̇̔̋̂̿̂̑̒͊͌̃̌͗͋̒̽͌̆͌͌̔̎͛̇̌͌̅́̽͆̊̈̐̀͐͊̃͒͊̔́̃̄̾̇̎͂̈̈̔͗͑͊͋͌̾͑̅͗͊̉̑̿͐̑́͋̉͊̃̍̉̄̂͛͐͐̈͂͋́̔͆͌̽̈̐͊̒̄̉͊͗̈͑͗̎̑̍̔̈̓̔͂̽͐͛̏͛̂͆͋̾̆̔̌̐̓̄͗̎̽̂͗͂̑̏̍̿͋̽̿̒͛̽͋̌͌͆̾͊͛̄̀̔̉̒͐̎̑̐̊̄̓̉̌̇̒̾̃̉̑͐̍̾̽̑́͑͂͋̔͆̉͆̉̍̚̕͘̕̕̚͘͘̚̚̚̚̕͘͘̚͘̚͘͘̕̕̕͝͠͝͠͝͝͝͝͠͠͝͠͠͝͝͠͠͝8̸̧̧̨̧̢̧̧̡̧̧̨̨̢̡̡̡̡̡̡̢̨̛̛̛̛̛͔͎̼͚͍̣̠͖̜͉̱̤̦̬̖͇̘̙̱̝̜̤͍̼͍͔͔̭͇͈̱̮͇̤̤̦̻̙͍̮͈̹̦̰̟̹̤̳̮͎̟͔̝̩̤̣͇̗̖̤̻̯̭̙̻̮͚̼͎̮͖̬̘̻̟̬̗̥̺̫̤͓͇̞̤̬̟͓̜̝̦̯̺͉͈͔̜̝͙̤͚͉̜̗͚̠̱̦̜̟͚͚̣̠̖͔̮̤̳͙̖̥̼̭̭̱̺̣͓̜̗̬̗̟̦̞̥̦͍̼͚͚̭̘̮̝͚͎͖͈͇͍͎̭̯̪̹̥̭͉̗͓̮̫̮̹̥̤͉̖̗̙̥̫̩̖̮̩̭͇͙̬̣͚̭̗̯͙͙̟̺̩̎͌̅̂̌̋̈̈́̋̅́̓̈́̊̀̌̓́̈̏̏̆̈͌̍̎́̾̈́̽͂͂̾̒̓̿͐̓̊͗͒̈́́̃̐̔̑̆̆̾̿̋̂̐̌͐͐͛̀̓̋͐̾̄͑͆̒͂͛̅̈̅̌̊͗̊͊͊͋͊̆͗͂̇͑́̂̌̋̑͋͒̊͆̍͊͛̌͐̾̐̿̌͑̌̏̒̆̆̏́̂͂̏̏͋͆͛̔̎͛͛̇̋̉̌̂̂̄͋̾̒̾͊̂̏̏͒̂̅̑̒̂̚̚̕͘̕̕̕̕̚̚̚̚̚̕͜͜͜͝͠͠͝͝͠͝͠͠͝͠͝͝͝ͅͅͅ ̵̢̢̧̡̢̨̧̡̡̧̢̧̧̡̢̡̡̨̡̨̢̨̨̢̧̱̳̤̱̫̲̻̯̩͎͔̥̤̭̗̩̖͙̲͈͔̮̻͕̹͓̳̟̦̖̤̗̮̣̭̹̼̫̲̯̲͖̘͇̟̱̖̼̹͚͈͉̤̞͎͕͖͈͖̤̟͙̜̪͕͍̱̱̯̝̲͕̺̫͙̥̘̲̬̘̥͖͎̘͍̲̣͈̫̦̹̣͍̹̗̜͈̪̫̮͕͉͉̞̦̤͎̫̙͍͕͓͎̤̻̭͔̝̮̩̰̻͙̤̜̩̮̱̙̲͈̹͓̬͈̣̝̹͇̜̝͚͕͔̣̺̜̜̞͈̝̺͔̯͙̦̳̳̬̝͕̩̭͙̲̖̞̪̹̞̠͖̜̗̟̥̲̣̜͇͙̥̹̰̭͙͔̮̳̜̲̹̝͖̝̯̘̤͓̼̰̤̱̲̣̥̹̱̯͈͛̓͒̉̈͒̑̽̈́̑͒͌̄̆̇̎̓͆̕͘͜͜͜͝ͅͅͅ8̵̧̨̨̡̧̡̡̡̧̢̨̧̢̧̢̡̨̨̡̨̨̡̨̧̛̛̛̭͕̦̙͇̲̱̯̤͕̩͉̭̟͕͖̗̝̰̳̥̳̪̯͍̞̭͉͕̱̘̲̦̪͔̖͚̟͍̠̰͉̰̥̙̩̤͈͓̟̩̤̗͍̠̣̤͉̪͎̣̙̭̞͍͙̲͚̼͙̦̹̤̣̗̭̻͍̜͈͖͇̱̼̱̙̠̝̳̱̻̻̖͉̜̜̥̻̻͇̲͚͈̜͇͕͎̰̖̝̖͓̹̳̖̰̺̤̞̮̞͕̯̣̰̯͓̼͕̣̦̭͙͎̬͔͉̲̝͔̺̥̗̖͎̥͇̻̰̯̱̣̦͍̖̣̩̦͕̦̱͈͖͕͔̥͎͔̠̻̱͕͓̬̟͉̪̺̱͙̲̖͚̜̬̻̃̆̅͆̈́̓̓͐̄̀͗͛̀̉̆̋̊͋́́̔̽̒̅̔̉͊͛̓̏͒͗͛̿̀̋̈̈́̉̅͑̍̀̈̇̿̂̏̾͒̋͂̀̌̎͐͐͋͆̔̿͋͌̉͌́̄̋̃͐̌́̾̑͌̄̓͑͛̏̽̉̑̕̕̕̚̚͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͠͝͝͝͠͠͠͝͠͝ͅͅͅẗ̶̛̛̛̛̛̛̛͈̼͕̥̗͇͎̦̗̞͙̯̩͈͇̙̦̖͚̞͚͙̖̲́̋̄̂̈͗͆̾̍̒͗̉̎̅̔́͑̒̔̒̐̑̃́͂̒͂̓̽͛̈̋̃̆̋̓̄̃̉͊̀̈̍̈́̏̌̄̒̉̒̾̊̋̏̔̈̏̈̍̓̇̽͋͊̌͗̑̐͗̅̋̋͂̋̄̾̀͂͌͒̏̃͑̐̓͊͌̅̏͆̆̊̈̃̾͋͋́̋̓͗̐̿͗̈̃̓̉͛̎̏͗̑̔͋̐̆͛́͆͌̿̊̌͌͒͊̉͆̐̎͒̂̆̒̄̐̓̿̊̾̀̿͋̿̆̓͗̊͋̉̅͛̈͒̅̋̓͛̐͆̔̐̃͘̚̕͘̚͘̚͘̚̚͘͘̕͘̚͘͝͠͠͝͝͠͠͝͠͠͝͝͝͠͠ğ̷̡̨̡̡̢̢̡̡̨̨̨̨̢̡̢̢̢̡̨̡̨̧̧̧̨̢̨̣̦̰͈̟̖̩͇͓̳̰̤͕̙̣͍̱͇͖̺͖̺̼̺͓͙̘̠̮̬̼̻̠̹͚͕̺̘͓̜̪̼͔̗̗͍̼̟̟̖͈̰͖͕̰̤̖͈͙̮̼̺͙̤̝͓͔͙̳̩̠͓̣̬͍͇̼͉̫͙̪̞̦͔̹͎̼̲̬͉̙̗͎͉̲̟̘̫̲͖̯͓̤̣͔̖͔̺͕̞̟̮̙̰̮̺̜̫͕̹͎̜͎̖͔̝̖͕̯̭͈̦̝̱̯̜̭̗̖̭̘̰̪̰̻̲̖̳͚̭͖̻̼̲̰̺̗̗͙̬̹̹̺̥̘͉͔̝̜̬͙̬̫̱̗͔̺̙͈͔̮̮̤͍̯̮̟̣̜̯̼͓̝̺͚͎̠͇͕͎̤̹̹̭͈̰̬̺͉̤̩̦̫͚̭͔̥͔̪̘͚͎̬͖̱̻̬̙̺̺̰̾̉̍̍̐̐͐͌̒̋̏͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜ͅͅͅͅư̷̧̢̡̛̛̛̛̜̖̲͔̯̰̞͔̺̹̳͙̳̩̼̂̇̓̌͐̂̑̊͑͋̑̀̔̒̒̈́͂̽̔̀̄̀̀̾̌̊́̇̈́̋̏̒̈́̈́͗͆̇̇̉͛̔̇̿̈̉͋͛̊͗̑͐̂͒̂̓͛̿̎̒̿̂͌͑̀̿̅̀̐̆͗̌̋̂͛̑̾̄̑̿̓̏̀̒͌͒͒̎̅̈͊̌̿͐̃̃̒̓͂͒͋̅̑̌͌̆̇͂͑͊͋͐͊̀̀̾͋̇̋́̽̇̿͌̆͒̇͊̈́̋̅̑̂͑̑̄͊͆͆͗̀̑̾̋͐̊͛̂̒͂͛̃̍̑̃͒̎̉͒͊̂́̅̋̃̍̉̊͂͆͂̇̀͗͊̄̎͆͆̽̿͋͊͘͘̚̚͘͘̚͘̚̕̕̕͘̕͝͝͝͝͠͠͝͝ͅg̷̢̧̢̡̡̢̢̡̢̡̧̛̛̛̛̛̛͚̱̠̱̜̜̮̩̝̘̖̗̰͍͍̱͔̪̙̩̱̖̩̬̖̦̱̦͕̤̫̺̣̮̯̼̘̥͚̬͔̩̯̺͖̹̦̺̳̥̣͖̗̝̪͎̳̪̖̣͎̲̘̼̻͕̖͖͖͚̪̭̖̦̜̙̪̠̠̯̜͉̮̼͇͚̲͓͍̠͇̝̝̰̤͚͈̠̻͉͙̭̯̲̻̱̞̦͙͇̟̥͎̠̟̻͔̰͔̪̳͇̝̼̜͍̳̖̲͙̩̝̗͎̙̺̘̱̟͇͎͎̦̻̱͚̻̦͕̤̠̮͚̗̦̪͎͎̀͑̀́̏̊̽̐̽̔̈́͋̀͆͐̏̊̒̅͑͐̍͒̉͐̏̍̀͌̌͆̏̍͆̋͋͗̈́̈́̂́̉͗̌̀͐̄́̇̐̃̏͆̈̍̄̑̊̄̂̄͛͆̀̃̌͑̂̓̃͆͒͐̊̆̒̃̔̀̿̌͌̏̒͂͛͐̃͊͛̉̇̍̿̌̍͛̏͋̃̈͊̄͒̇͆̓͛͌̂̍͊́̐̇͛͋̆̐̏̐̆͛̿̀͊͛̽̋͂̿͛̏͆͑̉̏͐̍͐̽̿́́̆̓̐͛̊͗̎̏͑̇̅̐͆̎̃͌̏̔̃̆̓̽̍͑̐̉̑́̏͐̈̊͐̽̈̽͆͋̈̒̔̿̓̆͗̒̎̃̄̿̇͂̌̂́̽̌̎̊͛͌̑̈̿́̚̕̕̕͘͘͘̚͘̕͘̚̕̚̕̕͘͘͘̚̕͘͘͜͜͜͜͜͠͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͠͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͠͠͝͝ͅͅa̷̡̡̡̧̢̨̢̡̨̡̡̨̡̧̢̧̢̢̨̢̨̢̧̢̨̢̡̨̛͉͓̯̦͚̮̥̣̟̤͎͚̙͖͈̟͚̪̪̞̮͔̬͚̮̭̩̻̲͉̰͇͙̻͉̘̘̲̼͓̰̤̳̙̻̖͎͙͙͖̲͎̮͍̬̭̦̝̫͙̪͙̩͎̙̘̻͚̯̫̖̪̰͖͎͉̻̦̝̣̠̝͔̣͉̫̝͙̖̝̙̻̰̭̬̤̮̺̣̝̭̼̩̫͈͍̗̱̯͍̦͙̥̦͖̳͍͚̬͉͉̪̜̦̫̖͇̫͚̜̬̝̩͕̺̝͓͙̮̩͚̤͕̦̣̦͔̰̠̼̫͚̦̞̰͉̯̼̬̙̝͓̜̦͈͚̪̺̠̠̲͍͎̥̦̗͔͍̥̭̗̙̰̻̥̼͔̝̥̙̼̣͙̖̟̟̰̠̻̯̱̞͔̠͎̳̲̩̞̖͉̒́̈͆̀̒̒̓͂̆͂̈́͊͋͗͑͐̓̓͆͗̋̈́̀̌̋̐͌̂͂̉̂̿̆̎̈́́͒́̊̑̓̇̂̈́̅̂̏̈́̑̐̃͂͌̃̋̄͛͛͑̄͂͂͐͑̑͊̀̿̃̍͒̐͊͌̓̓̿͒͗̉͛̄͆̊̌̓̂̋̽̅̅̋̅͆̎͌͑̎̊͒͐̋̐̑̒̓̐̎́̅̓͛̉̑̿̂̓̈̔̊͌̊͗̍̉̔̇̕̕̚̚̚͘͘͜͜͜͠͝͠͠͝͝͝ͅͅͅȃ̸̡̢̨̡̧̡̢̨̡̢̢̢̡̛̛̛̛̼͙̘̳̣̘̗̥͈̯̟̺̺͕̬̟͖̫͈̻͔̗͉̣͚̬̼̲̯̫̞̭̖̪̮̭̺̰̻̙͓̳̳̪̯̳̜͓͓̝̤̼͇̪̥̮̭̗̪̳̳̯̱̭̹͚͖̲̘̘̝̝͚̱͓̲̱̩͇͖̝̫̣̖̮͕̜̹̥̰͙͉̠͔̖̣̩͚̰̱͓̣̙̬͍̳̥̹̦̫̝̦͙̪̩̹̠̗͓̗̭̩͕͇̞̠̻͚̗̼̮̙̦̖͈͙͓͚̞̦̪̭͎͔̳̹̠̖͔̮̻̰͓̭̫̝̙̥̼̲͇͎̱͕͇̻̣̗͈͊͑̑͛̄̋̇͐̒̈́̉̾̃̊͂̍̈̀͆͋͋̈͛̍̍̇̄̌͂̉̓̿́̀͋̂̀̍͋͂̓͋̒̿̈̔̎̊̿̽̂̍̽͊̔̎̋̅̍͗̋͊͗̂̎̔͑̍̇̓̃̊͑̐͊̒͌̍̊͛͑̔͂́̿͌́̍̉̍͑͗̅̎̊͒̔̇͆̇͌̎͋͒͑̔͛̇̌͐́̌̑̽͆͐̆̄̔̉̓̃̋̎̎̌̍̎͛͐̄̑̀̽̋̍͛̐̿͛̂͂̌͌̑͛̆̀̈͋̐̄͛͋͛̅̿̐͗̂̑͆̋͒͋͊̉͋͊̉͌͆̈͛͛͂̅͐͆͋̾̇̃̔̈̏̓͗͊͗́̏͂͒̽͒̌͒̑̍̆̿͒̂̈̏͆̚͘̚̕̕̚͜͜͝͠͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͠͠͝͝ͅͅ ̵̡̛̛̛̛̛̻͔̟̼̪̞͚͙̥̥̬͔͈̫͉̫̽͛̽̈̎̈́̓̊͋̃̾͒̀̉̒̈̏͂̎̈͊̃̓̾̾̂͊͆̍̈́́̌͛̉̿̈̈́̐̋̊̿̈̓͋̀̏̒̐̌̉̿̎̐̒͗͊̊͐̓̃̅͂̄̀̍͛͆̐̒͋̑̍͒̓͂̿͑̈͑̓͑̓͐̇̏̄̋̈́͗̉̀́͂͊̈͗͌͗͆͑́̉͑̊̍̽̀̾̌́̒̿̋̋̇̑͛́͐͌̏̽̽̀̆͊͌̽̊̑͗̎̾͗̍̾͑̇̎͊͋̐̇̿͑́̄̇̿͒̾̎̀̉̐̏̈̆̾̋͊̀̓̏̓̐̐͐̌̊̀̏̒̾̿̄͂͆́̎̊͌̇͂̂̀̑̂͘͘͘͘̚͘͘̕̚̚͠͠͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͠͠͝d̶̡̢̨̨̢̢̡̧̨̨̡̨̨̡̡̡̡̢̡̧̛̛̛̛̛̦̗̰̦̞̜̗̬͇̖̜͙̫͚̘̪̜̥͍̫͙͉͇̬̘͈̣̗̼̞͉̬̱̣̠̩̝͙̹̻̣͔͓̤͉̬̱̖̩̭̗̳̣̖͔͉̘̰̰̠̭̱̮̜̻̲̰͓̜̲͉̭͎̭͈̣̥̯͔̩̖̲̬̩̫̝͎͇͓̜͖͖͈̝̣̣̠͎͙̥̥̱̘͙̖̘̙͚͈̭̪̪̺̰̤̖̖͕̳̮͎̤̜̩̪̼̬̪̮̤̲̦̞̲̞͉͈̯̻̤̞̬̗̱̫͚͎̪̞̲̤͓̳͙͓̙̣͓͓̤̘̹̞̪̼̞̮̜͉͎̣̗͍̩̬̝͇̭͉̟̥̪̜̦͙̗̯̭͔̟͉͉̲̮͔͎̦̱̞̖̥̳͖̙̜̣̟͔͙̻̜̳̐̃͗̄͂̐̍̾̔̃̈̇͊̈́͒͒̌̒̽͛͛͌̀͒͒̎̀̀̓̍̔̀̋̋̉̌̐̋̋̒̆͒̈́̽͒̋̀͂̏͌̽̓͆̅̑͂̀͗̌̅̉͗̐͌͛̒̇̋̔̇̐̏̐̃̈̉̆̍͊̆̽͊̽̈͒̏̐͗̈͑̑͂̃͂͒̃͐̌͊̎̎͛̂̍̑̽͌̎̀̐̈̎̂̔̈͌̀̍͗́͂̊̓̈̇̇͗͒̇͂͆͆̾̀̋̎͒̃͂̍̒̄͒̿̀͒̆̃̍̆̂͌͐̌̎͊̽̈̓̈͂̍͛̋̃̕̚̕̚̕̚̚͘̕̕̚͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͝͠͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅd̶̢̧̢̨̡̨̧̡̡̢̨̡̢̢̧̨̢̨̢̡̧̧̡̨̧̡̨̧̛̛̛̙̮̘̠̹̭͕͔͉̪̝̖̞͉̟̖̤̖̰̯͎̭̲̺̭͇̗̞̘̲̼͖̖͕̫̮̟̜̩͚̭͇̥̹̦͎͔̘̥̯̰̖͙̹͔̜̮̯̯̮̺̥̗̹̘̟̻̫̦̞̞̲͖͔̺̼͕̦̪̩͔̩̺͔͙͎̼̭̖̯̗͉͖̬̥͍̮͚͉͍̰͖̮̖͕͚̬͈̟̠̺͙͇̣̤̟̮̪̞͕̱̟̫͍̗̠̳͔̬̰̯̠̹̗̦̹̪͙̮̯̼͓̝͔̤̙̘͍͓̠͕͇͈͉͉̳̪̜̝͍̭͉͇̭͍̖͎̟̜̥̭̼̱̰͈̯̯̦̺̲̜̰͉̣̟̹͈̘͈͖̙̲̥̱̘̻̥͈̘̬͇̠̟̗͖̻̲͎̬̘͍̤̰̳̻͙̻͙̖͓̤̣̫̼̄̈́̓̃̒̄͂̐̊̒̒̄̔́̉̐̊̇̋̔͋̍̈́́̓̐͑̓͒͂̋̐͒̐̇̉̀̌͑̈́̌̆̍̃́͑͑̀͋͑̐́̉̏̈̓̒͒̅̽̐͌̀͆̑̾̋̑͂̆̍̋̀̑͗͒͗̂̏̑̕̚͘̚̚̕͘͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͠͠͝͠͠͝͝͝ͅͅͅͅ ̶̨̨̡̢̨̡̨̧̡̡̢̢̨̡̢̧̨̢̢̧̛͈̩̱̳͖͉̤̝͍̞̲̹̟̖̲̜̻͍̯͇̥͕̺̮̤̹͎̤̠̥̠̦͕͎͇͚͍̩̝̗̠̪̩͎̺͎̺͔̗̟̼̬̜̲̱̯͉̟͙̰̙̥͈̣̦̼̦̘͍̳̙̣̖͙̪͖͕͇͚͎̲̝̘̩̭̟̯̘̦̰̺͍͙͙̰͔̝̗͙̩͚͇̹̣̯͖͉͖͎̳̜͓̲̟̺͍̟̠͙͕͙̙̗̭̜̟̪̫̠̖̙͍̯̠̯̩̗̺͚̰̦̬̼̜̜̱͈̠̫̳͎̟̳̺̭͚͍̫͍̜̹͇̖͓̘͍̬͙̮̭̤̥͚͈̘̬̮̤̺̗̜̮̯̺͎̖͓̮͓̯̩̪̞͍͈̺̰͉͔̭̣̯̼̪̍̒̊̉́̅̇̈͊̽̏̽̓͆̐͋̿̀͆̊̈͑͗̂́̋̂͑̑̎̾͗̓̀̋̿̎͛̀͊͐͊͒͒̾̂̊͜͜͜͝͝͝͝͝͠ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅř̴̨̡̧̨̡̢̡̡̛̛̛̺̞̫̤͍͉͙̱̻͚͎̘͚̠͈͈̣͈̩̙̱͍̳͓͚͕̗̖̗͉̠͖̮̯̭̯̟̰̜̭͓͉̳̗͕͉̮͈͖̫̜̻͓͎͉̭̟̦͖̗̬͔̪̭̰͍̘̹͔̬͖̖͌͒̿͆̇̒́̊̿̈͑̑̉̄̀̿̑̆̔̀̓̂̈̈́̓̎̌̐̔̏̋̑̅̎͐͑̎͐̍͐͛͌͒͐̈́̽̌̾̋̀̈́͆̏̀͆̆̅̂̃͋̇̃̇̐̏̇̄̂̑͑̃̑̾̽͒̄̃̉̆̏̒̉̏̒̍̐͆̑͗͋̉̍̂̃͋̑̾̅̈̾̂͆͛̚̕̕͘͘͘̕̚͜͝͠͝͝ͅͅ8̸̧̡̡̡̨̢̨̨̡̨̨̨̡̧̡̧̧̛̛̛̛̛̛͔̞̜̦̪̟̱̘͖͚͇̪̙͉̼͈̹̳̭̯̦͙̠̘̘̻̝͕̙̖̥̱͙͚̩̗̺͖͉̙͍͚̩̗̩̩̺̬̦̗̟̱̦̹̹̻͎̱̹̜͍̻̞̣̗̯̜̜͔͍̠̥̝̱̖̖̬͈̯͙̳͎̼͉̲͕̩̹͇̠̲̟̘̮͓̜͎͉̺͇̠͈͈̠̲̮͔͖͍̪̖͕̠͍͙̼͉̬̞̳̯̪̞͖̰̗̦̲͉͉̘͍̦̘̖͈̠͙̟̝̹͎̙͚̻̣̆͊̽̽̒̃͒̀͌̂̓̏̎́̎͋̿͒̆̉̎̿̈̄̉̓̒̎̆̌͑̎̀̈́͊̑̍̔̃̈́͛̀̏͊̂͆̓͊̆̽͌͊͆͌̐̏̐̏̉̌̇̀̊̆͒̍̽̽̄͒͐̊͗́̉̿̏̄̂͊̋̄̌͋̇̂̎̃͒̉̒͒̍̆̎͒̆̀̊͆́̓̓̂̂̑͂́̐̅̔̌̐̐͌̾͑̑̊̏͗̊͆̎̿̆̒̂͒́͒̇͒̆̈͛̅̌̃̎̃̉̑͋̅̏̑̏̆̋̄͛̄̓̋̏͛̍̿̎͗̾̃̋̌͊̾̀͋̂̽̾̇̔͋̆̂̏̓̂̿͐͒̌̄̄̐͘͘̕̕͘̕̕̚͘̚͘͘̚͘̕̚̚͜͜͜͜͠͠͝͠͝͝͝͠͝͠͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅ8̸̨̨̧̢̢̢̡̡̡̧̨̧̧̧̢̨̨̢̡̢̧̧̛̛̛̛̛̛̠̟͍̥̻̲͎̞̝͖͇͓̖͎̹̖͔̗͖͎̮͖̠͍͓͙̖̯̝̰͇͈̲̜̜̞̺͓͖͈̠̥̪̘̱̮̪̯̩̲̳̭̗͍͎͓̘̺͎͔̱̮̤̠̱͔̖̺̻̣̦͉̘̜̖͕̰͚̣̗͉͔͓̻̪̣̥̹̹̹̩͖͙͇̜̫̺̺̱̖̣͎̟͍͔̬̣̣̯͖͚̯̰̱̫̬͉̬͕̭͚̼͖͉͎̦̣̲͚̠̤̭̹̘̼̠͔̥̮̱͍̰̪͍͗̿̀̇́̉̈̒̊̾͌̈́̈́̋͂̽͂̄̓̅͛̇̓̐̿̉̄̈̈̀̈͐͐̆̅̓̾̒̔̒̈́̊͌̆̿͐̃́̌̾͆́͑̿̾̾̿̈̃͋̊̒͗̈̆͋́͒͛̐̒̇̌̍͐̑̆̽͋̅̀͛̌̂̐̒̎̓̃̎͂̊̈̈̉̎̇̂̎̉̈̌̏͋͊̾̑͆̿̃̒̍̐̔́̍̆͌̇̂̍̋͒̂̒̔͑̅͌̅̎͑̍̾͗̌̏͛̃̏͆̔̊̍̎͂̌̂̑̿̍̈̾̉̑̐̍͒̆͊͆̈̈̄͛̽̀͋̓̉̿̋͌̽̏̿̏̊̆̏͛̒̄̅̉̈̋̋͋͆͐͂̾̑̿̈͒́̄͌̆́͐͛̅͛̃̌̃̌͂̽̌͘̚͘̚̕͘͘͘̚̕̕̚͘̕̕̚̕͘̕̚̕̕͜͜͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͠͠͝͝͠͝͠͠͝͠͠ͅͅͅ ̴̧̢̡̧̧̧̨̢̢̡̧̧̨̨̡̨̢̧̧̨̧̛̛̤̼̬̣̱̝͎̗̪͍̞̖̦̦̜̲̙̱͚̭͕̟̲̞̩̭̺͍̭̪̪̖̞̯̖̹͓͎̱̰̲̳͍͚͉͓͓͈̟̱͍̩̞͍͙̟̞͎̟͇̫̘̱̳̖̠̹͍̱̠̗̳͙͙̙̪̩̘̦̜̜̙͍͇̫̺̺͚̤̭̭̺̘͙͍̯̦͔̻̼̳̬̥̭͚̜͙̱̖̮̻̞͈̫̜̖̩̬͚̣̤̤͙̣̞̣̱͚̞̬̟̪͉̝͈̤̠͍̙͎̠͙͈͈͈͙̪͉̥͚͈̤̼̺͙̙̲͎͙̥͚̭̖̻̟͔͇͍̗̩̦̞͖̖̭̰̣̭̼͖̥̮̘̭̳͉͍̘̖̭̞͈͙͇̯̖͎͍͔̹̠͎̯̫̱̖̝̗̺̻̼̘̙̖̙̙͓͖͎̠̥͚̖͎̙̼̗͚̥͖̭̭͍͔̟̼̹͓͙̦̝̝̃̀̑̎̓̽̋̊̆̈́͋͆̀͆̅̈́̀̉̀̔̿̉̿͗́̔͛̋̇͌̍̌̆̉͋̀̿̈́͌͒̓̍̐͗́͒́͗͐̈́͂̃͑͑̍̊̀͗̌̏̉̾͐͛̐̉͒̉̏̓̇̔̔͒̔͆̈̇̆̚̚̚͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͠͠ͅͅͅͅͅͅ8̴̧̡̡̧̡̧̨̡̧̡̡̧̛̛̛̛̫̤̺͍͈̝̯̰̟̺̪͕̱̲̩̺̹̪̳͕̗͇̖̬̻̹̮̬̯̳̝̭̟̳͙̖̝̳͙̹̬̱͓͖̙̤̹͇͚͈͖̹̟̻̮̼̰͕̹̘͙͚̰̪̠͉͕̺̝̜̳̖̖̺̲͉̫̣̘̥̟̯͕͚̰̞͇̦̤̞̲͕̦̗̼͔̗͇̦̦̭͎͉̦̬͖̜̦̣̜̠͍̳̖̤̲̻̟̘̣͇̱̰̺͇̫̥͉̥͇͎̟̮̜̣͉͉̥̹̫̩̜͎͔̣̹͉͖̗͇̻͍͉̮̩̤̙̫̜̻̼̥̹̜͖͍̼̦̤̤̟̟̝͖̘̜̯̻͕̫̲̘̗̳̯̞̌̊̊̊͌̃͊͒̓̈̓͂̈́͗͛̈͑́̓̊́̂̉̀̅͗͋̀͒̓̑̄̐̃͋̌̿͋́̄̑͌̈́̓̓̋̑͒̒͆̆̓͛̓̂̀̍́́͂̈̓͑̿͌̇̇́̓̒͐͂̐͂̾̌̄̂̀͂͐̂̾̃̑̓̽̽͑̂́̽̉̏̾͋́͒͐̽͗̏̆͗͂͌͋̌́͂͒͂̀̂͂͛̃̊̃̕͘͘̚̚̚̚͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͠ͅţ̸̨̢̢̧̢̢̢̨͈̺͎͍̳̦͇̻̼͔͚̠͓̙̤͍͕̗̙̦̬͇̥̘̹͈̲̻̩͙̯̦̱̖͈̱̹̦̺͓̰̠̘̫̯̩̺͍̝̳̝̲̜̯͍͖͖̟̖͙̘̥͓͇̼̤̹̹̰̩̘̟̺̺͈̹͇̻̠̰͕̥̙̮̠̱̙̟̙̦͖̜̥̰̪͎̲̣̯̞̫̙̮͍̦̪̺͇̟̹̞̞̱̯͎̜͓̘̩͉͙͔͔̼̤͚͔͇̼̻̹̙͉͇͕̮̪̬̯̥̫͖̖̟̗̜͕̱̝͍̖̖̰̱̩̖͙̺̳̬̺͎̥̟̤̼̻̬̹̊̋͗̃͒̋̋̉̍́̕͜͜͜͜͜͜ͅͅͅͅg̴̫̺̪̣̭̺̫̜̻̘͙͓̈̂̐̎̑͒͘ư̷̧̢̨̢̨̧̨̧̡̢̡̢̨̧̨̢̢̡̨̡̢̨̹̩̼̟̹̗͇̜̯̼͇̯̳̱̮̙̖͓̥̬͕͈̟̠̠̼͔͉̰̝͕̖̮͔̦̜̭͈͖͈͙̫̠͎͎̪̩̝̭͉̻̲̥̺̟̻̖̠̮̱͓̜̹̱͙̹͕̲̮͉͚̝̘̱̘̠̙͍̻̺͕̦͍̹̯̞͙̯̠̫͖͇̝͕̫̗̗̜̱͕̬͎͇͖̰̼̻̱̘̮̫̤͙̼̝̳̫͍̞̳̫̖͍̞̲̝̲̠̗̤̱̼̙͕̤̩̭̱̞̝͓̝̰̖̪̤͕͍̝͉͎̪̘̘̱̜̱̱̦͖̝̲͖̗̟̟͖̜͚̬̰̫͕̘͖̞̗͖̮͕̳̳͔̦̙͙͖͓̬̙̤̹̤͔̯̘̬̗̙̰̤͇̘͚̩̖͎̞̱͈̩̪̩͕̟͚̗̗̼̯̱̞̖̰̗̠̙̹̼̟̫̮͎̭͔̜̖̝͇̰̲̲̘̻͇͇̰̲͇͔͇̳̗̫̝̮̼̭̠͙͍̖͎͊̅͆͒̊̈́̓͆̌̆̌̃͌̀̔̉̋̓̿̇̎͗͑̇̃̀̓̓͒̋̑̀͗̆͗̋̌̀̔͐̏̃̒̃̓̍́̄̀͗͒̈́͑̌̉̆̂́̇̏̂̃͐̆͗͌̐̔͆̋͘̚̕̚͘͘̕͜͜͜͝͠͝͝͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅģ̸̢̛͎̬̮͈̪̲̩͙̩͎̘͚͍̰͚͈̹̰̤̖̫̩̺͚̗͙̻̟̼͕͖̯̥̐̾͗̈͑͆̈̑̂̿́̿̒̃̋͌̍́̽͒̍̏̏͛͗̎͌̾̑̅͂̇̆̋͗̃͘͜͜ͅͅͅả̶̧̧̰̖̩̦̮͉͕̮̹͓̼͇̞̹̤̲̦̩̦͍͉͈̗̭̗͕̯͍̤̬͓̠͙̭͔̋̌̈́̚͜͜͠a̴̧̧̢̧̨̨̢̨̡̢̡̢̡̡̧̢̢̢̧̢̛̛̛̛̛͕̥͙̭̙̙̜̥̱̭͚͚̗͉̫̙̭͓͈͇͕̙͍̗̩̠͔̱̖͚̩͓̪̺̪̩͇͖͚͖̟͓̟̖͔̗̬̰̮̗̩̣̘̮̩͖̱̰̘̭̜͎͔̠̝̗̥̪̱͚̮͖̟̹̤̬͙̖̥̱̫͎͎̺̣̖͔̟̜͕͉̺̗͈̭̝͕̻̹̲̺̣̠̯̰̦̫̟̫̭̩͉͍͇̭̬͇̘̖͕̲̖̻̺̗̝̥̘̦̪̘̲͖̫̻͇̥̝̗̲̥̰̫̥̤̰̹̜͈̘̘̝̥͉̩̣̭̱̬͈͍̜͙̭̫̣̣̥̫̜̦͎̱͈̜̙̳̘̜̟̟̖̼̯̰̲͔͍̹͉̜̦͍̬̠̦̮̗̭̦͉͓̫͕̹̱͔̟͍̯̬̎̃̈́̓̏͒͐̋̂͌̊́͛̊̓̽͑̈́̿̎͑͋̍̂̇͂̀̓̓̑͆̈́̈́̈́̆̀̃̐̋̈́̀̊͌̌̍̀̀̂́̍̔̒̿͆͋̔͐̏͆̅͐̿̽̄̉̐͂̽͗̊̊̈̓̂̒͂̋̍͑̄̅̑͊̐́͗̎̃̿̄̿̍̂̄͋̓̆̊̏̈̓̉̊͐̅̈̔́̿̊̀͑̐͒͛́̂̎̌͆͂̐̍̽̀̿̇̆͋̂̔͊̔̌̒̍͆̂̆̈̔̿̃̑̏͑̋̈̐͒̒̊̈̌̏̚̕̚̕̚̕̕̕͘͘̕͘̕͘̕̕͘̕͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͠͝͝͝͠͠͠͝͝͠͠͝͠͝͝͠͝͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅ ̴̢̢̧̧̢̧̨̧̢̡̡̨̨̢̢̡̨̛̛̗͔͔̫͙̺̺͇̣̦͎̻̤͍̠̺̦̞̮͎͉͖͈̠̣͚̣͓̳̲͔̰̪̫͙̳͇̣̥̫̠̟̺͈̖̥̲̩̙̜̟̖̬̤̜̩͈̫͙̖̝͕̮̘̜͕͈͖̞̲̠̟͍͖͔̤̙̦̞̖͖̯̯͇̦̲͔͔̦͉̫̬̥̜̘͇͖͈͉̦̠͖̙̝̟̮̣͈̟̥̖͇̭̗̱͓̜̺̺̫̝̟̯̳̩̣̟̺͍͖̞͖̬̖̮͇̱̫͍̘̻̯̤̗̤̮̗̺̼͖̪̥͓̥̬̭̩͉̮̘͕͇͙̜̭̤̗̮̞̮̞͙͓͈͙̤͕̰̤̮͔̫͕̲̼͔̞͕̩̝͍̜̠̳̮̭̠̟̰̰̻̭͖͓̱̲͈͉̖̹̫͙͇̦͎͉͉̬͓̜̘̫̏̋͗̃̓̆͆̽̾͋̅̃̉̉̀̽̄̋͑̇̅̄͑̇̒͑́̅͐̌̈́́̄̏̅̀̔͗͐̍̎͑̊̓̍̈̓̒͆͒͋͛̿̈̃͒̉̇̏̆̇͐͊͌̄̔͋̿͆̓̉̌̎͑̍͌̏̒̍̄̃̀̒̈̑̇͂̿̊̃̃̃̈͐̎̿̒̽̓͆̿͐̓͂̑̉͐̽͒̑̒͆̂̑̅̍͛̍̇̎͑̅͂͛̏͋̉͋̂̋͆̆̀̎͑̀̽͛̊͌̇͋͗̇̿̃͊̃̋͌̇͌́̿͗̽͂̾̅͆̌̎̀͆̊̾͊̽̄̆͊̽̾́̿̿̓̉̿͐̿̍͂͊̃̊̀̎̚̕̚̕̚͘͘̕͘̚͘͘͘̕̚͘̕͜͜͜͜͜͜͠͠͠͠͠͝͠͝͝͠ͅͅͅͅͅḋ̸̢̢̡̛̛̫̥̬̟͖̝̻̦͍̦͍̱̥̩̱̪̬̳̦̱͉̘̃̔̈̓́̾̄͊͂͑͌̉̽̀̈́̅̐̀̓̇͒̄̊̓͋̒̈̅̾͛͌̌͂̑̀͐̈́̌̿̑̎̑͌͆͂́̀́̅̂̋̈̍͂̾͐̉̚̕̕̚͘̕͠͠͝ͅd̷̢̨̨̢̢̡̡̡̢̢̢̡̨̧̢̧̢̧̡̨̡̛̛̛̝̠̹͍͈̩̖̘̭̥͈̫̟͎̟͖̥̬̥̜̭̲̝̳̣̦͕̼̹̝̜̭̜̬̙̝̱͉̤̠͖͕̯̜̬̫͉̺̖̪͇͈̰̪̤͓͍̳̞͇̰̻̮̮͉̣͇̮̥̜̼̩̠̞͍͔̺̟̘̜̻̯̹̱͉̼̦̘̻͇̳̪̬̪͈̫̯̞̯̘̞̘͔̼͈̟̻̦͔̻̜͎̲̱̝͎̦͚̼̱̰͎̩̳͔̠̖̙̥̤͙͈̜̟̳̗͚͎̘̮̹̘̹̯̞͍̬̯̼̲̗̻̝̼̱̫̻͇̱̹̙̱̦̜̮̜̻̺̞̱̟̥͓̻̜̩̪͉͚̬̠̞͖̤̤̫͎̰͇̝͈̝̺͙͓͚͔͍̙͕̘̣̼͇̠̹̩̺̬̺̫͔̠̙͙͚͚͈͈̲̣͇͎̣̓̾́̈͊̌̿͊͑̎̊̒̾͑̏͗̈́́͊̏͂̉̐̾̔́́͋̈́̐̔́͒̕͘̕̚͜͜͜͜͝͝ͅͅͅͅ ̸̢̢̧̢̧̡̧̧̧̨̢̢̢̨̨̨̨̢̡̢̡̡̧̡̧̢̡̛̛̛̛̤̭̖̫̗͉̝̫̥͚̼̤̹̪̮̝̭̤͓̗̯͕̗͉̝̖̰̪̜̦̭͎̠̼͙̠̦̹̻̼̟̺̠̮̦̲̝̟͔̜̟̗̭͉̟̻̠̘̳̳̜͎̰̝̹̱͚̥̗̩̜̜̲͈̞͍̥̼̞͕͈̥͈̪͓̣̯̤̹͓̖͇̟͍͖̭̙͎̳͍̜͓̞̻̬̭̲̞̞̬̮̜̤͈̘͕̟̯͉̺̟̝͚͍̘̪̼̜̩͚̖͓̰͍͈̭͈̺͙̹̺͎̱̤͖̤̳̮͖̪̖͖͙̦̼̰̦̗̳̹̻̤̖͓͚̠̮̯̖͇̖̹͚̩͖͉̪͉͎̜̖̩͚̤̺̜̤̪̰͕͖͔̭̭͔͖̹͔̘̰̰̹̝̰̦̜̭͇̪̗͍̺̫̜̗̬͈͉͚̺̟̞̥̥͙͎̥͚͈̥̺̬͇̻̯͕͍̙̬̫͍̬̖͎͖̥͕͔̖͈̜̽̈͂̀̃͌̊̃̅́̀̅̈́̆́̂̊̂͌͛̑͂̒̇̊͊͗̇̐̂͊̇͑̿̾̉͛̾̓͛̽̌̈́͂̾͑͑̽͑̿̄̈̋͑̍͋͋͌͗͂͌̍̆͊̇̿̾̇͌͋͆̆̆͊͑̊͗͂̎̍̊̊̌̔̎́̈̌̚̚̕̚̕͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͠͠͝͠͠͠ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅr̷̢̧̨̧̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̞͖̣̜̦͇͎̘̯͚̠̪̝̜̮̮͈̤͎͈̣̹̝̟͉͎̠͑͑͑́͛͌̌̋͐̓̽̉̊̅̀̀̄̄̈̂͗̏͐̈́̈́͋̈́̐͒͗́̏̋͂͊̃͛̀̈͛̔͛͊̔̏͗͛͐̌̈͋̎̾̿̐̈͋̅̊͊͌̏͂̂̄͑̅͋͊̄͆̾͛͆̇͆̽̃͛̋͋̌̌̋͌̄̃͗̃̄̎̈̎̊̋̽̿̒̾̊͛̆̔̾̍̅́͋͗͑̓̇͊̆͑͆̿͗̽̇̈͗̑̐̇͒̆͋̇͌̇̐͗͊͐̆̃̑̃͋͛͗̓͆̓̑̀̎̔̇͑̆̅̒̋͋͆͗̄̿̉̊͊̄̐͂͆̈̄̽͆̾͂̽̏̎́̍̿͋͆̇̅̈́̈̽͑̐͂͘̕̕͘̚̚͘̚̕̕͘͘̕̕͘͘͘̕̚̕͜͝͝͝͠͝͝͠͝͝͠͝͝͠͝͠͝8̸̢̨̧̧̨̡̨̧̨̡̢̧̡̡̞̟̲̼̝̳̝̹͎̦̹̞̦̜̣̫͚̭͎͇͉̳̥͕͍̤͇̜͓̻̲̻̦̤̯̟̹̪̭̰̤̥̻̲̠̣̤̯͉̯̘̙͈͍̣̠̳͉̜̪͙̗̟̼̩̣̝͓̦͙̩̰̘̮̟̻̠͔̫̘̜͉͍͔̪̳̰͕̳͈̭̺̥̗̥̰̩̖̞͈̦̣̖͕̩̺̖͎̰̖͇̭̱͖̩̫̭̜̮̝̫͓̱̻͔̜̲̭̬̹͖͙͎̺͔̥͖̯̮͕̳͉̼͕͚͙͚̹̥̺̪͔̪̰̺̫̖͎̳͔̬͍̜̹͉̟́̀͜ͅͅͅ8̸̺̻̻̗̳̻̞̰̩͉̩͉͉̩̹͚͔̲̜͊̀̏͋̀̓̓͛͑͘̚͜͠͠ ̴̡̡̧̨̨̨̨̡̧̧̢̡̡̢̨̛̛̛̛̘͓͎̣̞̜̯̘͖͙̰͉͕̻͍̝̺̦̣̭̦̬̞͈̪͉̰̭̠̪̱͉̣̱̺̬̩͍̥̦̞̳̳̖͚̪͉̱͍͖̬̪̮͉̜̼̦̰̹̳̞͔̣̻̼̟̬̼͓͉̦̻̜̣͖̗̩͎̼͔̭̘͔̘̳͖̪̗͚̱͔͈̰̝̥͓͔͓̳̟̖͔̠͇͓̻̺̠͈͎͖͍͎̠̤͓̯̓̉̓̋̃͑̈́͒̊͛̇̎̓̐́̉̽̂͛̋̇̇́̆͆̊̍̄̄́̓̐͊̐͋͂̑̇̀͐̈́̀́͒̋̈̎̓̎͊͂̌̍̐̌̇͒̂̌̽̄̒͛́̿̒̒͋͊̈̆̈́͂̅̎͗͋̐̇̈̿̓̐̽̏̆̂̈͑̿̽̃͊͆̎̈̃͛̈̏͛̽̍́͆͋̔͋͊͑̎̒͒̍̿̈̍̽͗͒̓̍͊̇̒̆̑̒͊̀̾̔̉̋͂̔̍̋̇̈̆͑̓̾̄͛̊̎͑͌͌͒̀͑͊̏͛̓̈̐̃̌̽͐͆͂͒͑̊̇̽̂̿̈̍̊̌̎́͐̄̆̒͂̓̊͒̒͛̆̔̔̀̚̚̕̚̚̚̕͘̕͘̚̕̚̕̕̚̕͘͝͝͝͠͝͠͝͝͝͝͠͝͠͝͝ͅͅͅͅ8̶̨̧̧̧̨̨̨̡̧̧̢̡̧̨̨̨̢̢̨̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛͕̠͚̭̻͓̦̭̼̱͉̮̺̙͍͉̩͓̩̣̪͚̜̪͓͇̤̝͈̣̣͇̻͓̟͉̠͎̠̖̫̱͚̯̱̞͖͎̮͓͉̬̖̹̯̤͕̯̥̲̲̲͍̱̟̤͔͓͓͕̭͙̫͓̥̹̞͔͔̯͍̥̤͚̭̖͍͖͈̫͓̗̠͍͇̩̬̖̝͚͙̪̦̣̼̬̠͓̥͔͉̬̣̩̰̝͎͚̦̩̥̣̘̬̤͇̲̰̦͓̞̭̖͎̤̺̬̹̱͖̞͈͓͇͈̦̤͓̣̭̘͉̗̜̱͚̼̫̝̠̻̺̻͙̼̫̜̱̙̲͉̙͙̱̬̻̟̼̞̯̯̳̠̰̼̹̯̮̗̯͍̹̳̻͈̼͇͔̤̹̯͉͎̱͎̹̳̩̳͔̜͎̰̰͖̫̱̪̺̆̈́̄̄͋̐̂͋̈́̃̂̃̓̌̓͑͌̔̅̾͐̾͒̊̽͂̒̽̀̂̋̑́̐̀̅̓̾͌͗̓̇͑̓͆͛̓́̎̈͗̃̓͒͒͌̍̀͆̽̏̈͛̏́̿̀̾̄̾̆͂͂̇͒̎̏͋̑̍̒̊̓͑͋͐̋͋̑̌̔̔̒̃̒̄͂͗̾͛͒̑̌̉͑͆̽̋̃͛͂̏͗̒͐̓͊̎̀̉͊̇̌̾̑̓̅́̒̌͆̉̑͐̂̔̎̅̇̌̊̓̏̔̽͗̾̽̃̌̎́̒̈̽͊̌̃̍̎͒͆̂̿̃̇͋͋̓̇̿́̅̽̽͆̓̋͆͋͒̉̉͛̈͂̂̓̔̏̽͛͌̋̽̐̍̉͑̒̒̉̑͒̑͊̃̀̔̃̌̈͗̉̌̎̊͛̀̄͌̉͘͘̚̚͘̚͘̚̕͘͘̕̕͘͘̕̕̕̚̕͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͠͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͠͝͝͠ͅͅͅͅͅt̵̛̛̛̛̛̩̘̂̈́̊͆̔́̄̓͐͋͊̈́͂̋̓̔́̈́̿̃̋́̈́͛͋̃͒̈́̈́̑̄̿̀̑͐͋͑̊͂̆̿́̑̊̅͌̓͛̇̏̊͑̒̐͆̊͛̋̇̋̏̃̆̂̔͒͗̌̏̂̌́͑̈̉̿͑̈̂̇̓̃̊͌̇̐͒͋̿͆̅͌͆͋͌͗̍̊̅̊̅͐͑̎̍̇̒̍̾̑͆̌̓̐̑̂̃͋̄̄̏̏̋͋̂̑̽͑͌͌̆̾̍̃͊̌͋̾͌̈̌̌̾̎̏͐͐̚̚̚̚̕̕͘̕͘̕͝͠͝͝͠͠͠͠͠͠͝͝͝͝ĝ̵̨̧̨̨̢̛̛̛̫̮̘̬̫̮̳̟͉͓̘͉͖̰̖͎̝̗̼̝̦͍͓͍̝͈̠̩̱͚̥̯̲͖̙̲̳͙̞̙̤͚̮͉̲̠̹͈̣̪̬̬̳͖͐͌͒̓͊̑̈́͗͒̆͋̈́̑̉̄̍͛̑̆́͑̒̋̊͂̎̒́̀̆̉̏̊̀̇́̃͒̔̐̈͊̎̒̌͗̐̾̄͒̒͛̓̽̿̐̋͆̿̈̉̓̿͋͐͌̇̃̅͘͘̚̕̕̚͘̕͝͠͠͝͝͝ų̷̡̨̡̡̛̛̛̛̛̛̝͍̬̠͈̤͉̟̤͓͎̫̥̟͍̣̻̭͔̫͕̟͉̬̞̪̤͕̬̥̦̲͔̝̙͈̳͖̹̫͓̀̀̈͆͊̑̔̀͂͑̊̐͑́́̊͌̅̆̑̿͑́̅̓̃̈͋̅̽̔̊̈̈̇̑̄̆̓͑́͐͒́̍͊͋̍̿̍͑̽̾̆̇͂̍̇͆̉͑̋̃͂̍̇͋͋̿̌̈̃͋͐̎̃̎̇͐̊̂̔͑̍̇̊̇̏̋̌̓̇͒̆̊͒͑̽̍͒͒͆̒̓̔̓̃̎̆͆̃͌̿̃̋͗̇̆̓͛̊̎͗̾͒͐͑̍̑́͗́͛̔͒̇̿͒̆̆̑̏̌̐͆̑́̒͊̓͌͐̒̿̋̊̋̋̔̓͊̇̾̃̔̄̑͌͑͗̇̿̌͗͆̓̍͐͒͐̃̾̌̂̇͛̃͂͋͂̈̑͊͛̎̓́̋̆̾̂̒̉̃̆͆̍͊͆̿̏̽͒̌̂̒̾̉̋̉͆͊͌̄̇͒̆͌̋̕͘̚̚͘̕̚̕͘̕͘̕͘̕̚͘̕̚̕͜͝͠͠͝͠͠͝͝͠͝͝͠͝͠͝͝͝͝͝ǵ̵̢̧̧̨̢̡̢̡̨̨̡̧̛̛̛̱̬̦͕̯͓̼̙̠̥̟̥̙͓̣̳̻͎̖͖͓̥̹̼͎̩͈̭͍̹͎̬̻̩̜̝̱̙͓̮̟̱̲̰͌͆̑͆͌̿̒̾̋̽͌̈́̍̎͑́̔̿̉̂̈́̀̄̀͐͋̀̓̈́̈̈́̓͋̀͊̐̒̂̎̀̐̆̓͋̆̍̈́̌̈́̄̒̅́̏̊̉͒͋̐͐̄̒̆̎̿̋̓͋̌̒̉̏̅̂̃͛͛͆̌͑̀̊̒̌̏̑͋͋͂͂̋̇̓̈̓̓̏͊͐̐͐́͂́͒̂̈̌͋̽̑͋̆͊̿̒̃̽̌͌͐̑̃͗̒͑̔̃̒̎̊̊̾̉̌̃͒̎̀͛̔͑͋͌̎̕̚͘͘͘̚͘̕͘̕͜͝͠͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͠͝͝ą̸̨̧̢̨̧̡̡̧̢̧̡̢̡̨̧̨̢̨̢̡̛̛̛̣̹̪̱̺̮̮͕̗̣̮͙̮̳̣̪̳͙̣̟̲̘̯̬͖̗̳̭̫͍̫̘̥̠̮̬̘̺͎͇̜̤͍̭̻̣̜̝͉̪̖̰̣̜̻͔̺̣̝͚͚͎̞̻̬̖̥͈͎̠̹̗̼̯͉̱̰̥͉̖̙̝̰̩͖͍̲̘̖̟̟̰̠̗̻̙̣̘̯̞̭̪̝̲̗̗͍͖͙͕̟̪͉̱̪̫̗̰̯͖̼͚̖̯̣̺̬͖̙̗̼̞̩̠̦̠͙̲̻̘̖̩̥̣̠͓̪̺͔̬̭̳̼̝̪͖̖͈̥͓͓̞̭̠̦̯̫̪̺̼̙̳̙̦̳͎̬̞̹̟̣͔̙̘̫̰͙̦̟̩̹̜͍̖̹̠̳̦͎̭͕͚̖̟̥͚̺̘͚̬̣̆̔̿̿̈́͂̈́̐̾̇̏̒̋̍́̆̿̋̈́̓̾̏̑̉̑̂́͗̊̑͊̋̏̏́̌̀͂̏̅͌͐̆̓͆̓͋̈́̍̒̑͋͊̀̋̍̌͐̌̄̒̔̄̂̔̏̏̾̂͂͆̐̂̐̿̌͋͐̃̿̃͊͒͒̃̽͆̊̎͋̔̈̋̑̄͒͐̈̑̽̑̀͗̓͆̅̎̋͛̾͛̃̐͂͆͆̆̔̑̊̈̂̔͋͑̌̽̊͂̐͛̊̀͊͆̂̋͌̆̚͘̚̚͘̚̕̚̕̕̚͜͜͜͜͜͜͠͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅa̵̧̛̛̠͕̩̱̲̬̱̩̼̯͚̖̥̼̭͒̌̈̿̍̓͗̄̊͆̊̈́͂̇̍̐̈͋̔̄͋͊̏͋̈̆̊͗̇̏͌̊̓̌̑̑̔̊̽̉̋̄̌̊̄̿̂̂̄͘͘͝͝͝͝͝͝ ̸̡̨̡̡̧̛̛̛̛̛̜̥̱̩̰͖͚̺̤̝͍̫̬̯̻͓̪͖̤̣͇̭̯̤̣͈̯̠̭̼̫̫̠̦̠͕͈̜͕̟̜̝͕̳̫̼̭͈̟̬̦͈̣̮͒̐̑̐̊̈́̈́͑͌̔́̎͋̋͋͒̔͗̉̿͊͛́̂̿͌͋̃͊͊̑̒̈́̈́͌̈́̄͑̉̉̄̓̇̂̆͂̒̊͊͊̌̑͂͋̐̄̔͌̇͑̐͌̉̆̅͊̂̏̇̉͛̃̾̆̂̊̓̂̀͗̎̒̊͛́̉͛̿͆̚̚̕̕͘͜͝͠͝͠͝͝ͅd̴̨̢̨̛̛̛̛̞̦͉͍̻̯͍̗̰̰̖͍͈̦̼̙̲̪̗̳̮̹͇̪́̂́͑̂͑͌̓̐̆̅̔͒̂́̆̇͛̊̍̿̒͊͊͆͑͂̀̈́͌͆̆͌̆̏̅́̀̔̏͋̐̐̃̉̀͋͋̂̂̐̊̐̿͊̍̀̆̒̐̓͑͂̔͋̈͗̂̄͌͆͌͌̆̈̏̒̑̊̾̀͗̂̃͒̀̑͛̾̓̑̅̄̆̆͊̔́̇̽͛̆͂̇̓̈̊̌̇͌̎̑̌͒̊͑̂͛̇̏̚̕̚̕̕̚̕̚̚̕̕̕̚͠͝͠͝͠͠͠͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͠͠͠ḑ̸̛̙̜̱̮̤̣̳̗͍̥̗̜͈͇̎͐͐̌͑͋̀̔͒͛̍̔̄̍͌͒̔̌̀̓͋̔̾̈̈̈́̅͑̃͋͗̔̉̇̏͊͒̓͛̅̋̌̊̏̄͂̆̂̈́͊̂̌̏̿͒̊͗̕̕͘̕̕͜͝͝͝͠͝͠ ̶̡̢̢̨̢̨̧̨̢̢̞̪͍͍͚̗̘͉̗̭̼͚̩̙̬̜̭͈̯̟̣̫̤̞̳̮̘̟̤̰̫̱̫̝͔͎̣̘̰̦̟̩̭͙̻̤̠̝̠͇̗̪͎̼̗͖͙̪͇̥̝̯̙͔̳̙͇̰̟͇̱̪̹͉̭̯̔̑̀̅̀̈́̎̾̀̎̚͝͝ͅŕ̸̡̡̨̡̡̨̡̡̧̧̧̧̡̨̨̡̨̡̧̧̨̨̨̡̨̡̛̛̛̛̛̲͖̭̼͉̳̜̯̖͍̣͍͇̝̮̘̼̝̰̱̣͍̳͎̯̗̜̖̯̭̖͈̞̫̺̖̗̗̜͙̲̳̥̱͈͖̦͓̳̥̯̰͈̫͚̣̲͇͍̪̼̙̝̰̥̝͕͈̪͉̩̲͍̝̲̭̯͚̯̦̝̲͓͉̭̺̺̱̖̬̫̲̯̳̫͖̳̱̣͔͕̺͈͓͓̻͙̻̞͔͚̞͈̫͉̪̥͔͉̦̝̭̖̲̫̼̼͎͔̜̞͔̥̳̳͚̖̱̪̼̳̰̝̥̼͓͓̥͙̬̠̣͉̗̺̬̟̝̟͚̮͚͕̥̟̫̱̲͔̞̲̖̙̻̮̻̙̣̙̮̠̼͔̤̝͖̥͔̰̠̱͈̜̤͈̬̲̙̼̦̟̺̦̦̞̪͍̠̹̹̤͇͈̝͓̲̩̼̮͖̜̝̰̖̹̙̇͌̑̃͋̓̓́̅̆̃̽̉̈̈́͗́͊͗̏̆͊̿̒̊̂́͋̽͐̀͌̑̈́̈̓̑̊̐͛̏͋̋̎̾̎͐́͌̿̾̎̅̂̄̐͆̾̎̋̓͑͌͊̋̑̄͆̂͋͌̓̈̆̈̅̇̎̄͐͒̍̑̉̾̌̐̾̅̓̆̃̈̈͐͗̇̄̅͂́̏̓́̑̿̑̑͆͊̅̉̑̽̾̔̄̏̕͘͘̕̚͘̚̚̚͘̕̕͘͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͝͝͠ͅͅͅͅͅͅ8̴̡̨̨̨̧̢̧̢̡̡̨̧̛̛̛̛̛̻̟̦͔̳̥̩̥͚̻̙̬̪͚͇̬̱̣̗̼̙͓̺͎̙̪̘̼̺̳̹̗̘̣͖̲͙͈̫͖̳̞̠̬̖̬̹̭͖̱̭̫̯̳͓͎̞̳̩͕̤̹̜̬̩̭̘͍͍̼̲͓͙͍̗̖͉̗̫̯̙̗̹̼̥̪̠̻͚̪̲̝̰͚̣̗̘̥̲͈̫̙̥̤͇̙̲͕̰̬̝̩̰̫̩̜̞̫͍̝͈̣̖̣̲̣̟̱̪̼̲̟͖͉̟͓͔̙͙͔͚͓̟̙̞̩̯͈͉͍͈̖̟̬͕͍͈͎͚̆̆̂̎̈́̀̊̓̈́̀̌̽̿̀̑͒̈́̂̓̒̋̀̌͒̏̈́̇͊͌͊̄̈̀́̒̓̏̽̃̂͋̐̽̊̒̀͛̒̏͆̉̉̎͋̒̔̈̓̐̄̌͛͑̒͌̌͋͊͒̂̓̽̾͊͆͌̐̐̏͂̊̐̉̔̉͛̃̑͌̽́̅͆̌͛̈̾̄̔̋̋̍͋͛̊̃̈͐̓͗͘͘̕̕͘͘̚͘̚͘͘̕̚̚̕̕͜͜͜͜͠͝͝͠͠͠͠͝ͅͅͅ8̸̢̧̧̧̢̢̨̨̡̡̧̧̡̢̢̛̛̺̫̗̥̺̘̬͍̫͔͓͙̰̳̰͈̫̰͖̖̻̲͕̼̲͓̜̦͙͚̻̱͈̲̰̲̟̜̼͕̗̼̖͕̩̺̩̦̳̩̺͔̮̼̫͍͈̱̱̯̠̪̫̘͙͉̟͙͍̲̺̘̯̰̤͇̮͇̹͓̝̳̠̰͍̘̯͉̲͇͕̗̺̮̟̮̯̙͎̱͓̗̗̞̦̤͓͇͚̫͇͚̬͇̬̰̖͖̟͕̞̯̻̫̻͚̲͍̯̩͈̪̝͎͈̙̗͈̫̖͈͎͉̻̣̲͎̲̗̩͖̼̦̙͓̙̹̖͕̲̼̜͖̹̳͉̥̜̤̘͙͖͎̰̼͍̞̣̫͓̖̥̩̯̯̺͈̖͇͔͍̳̦͉̔̅̂̈̑̊͋̄͊̽̌̅͆̈́͊̀́̈́̓̂̓͆̎̒͒̇̾͋̽͂͛͌͋̆̿͌̋̆̽̏͐̀͂͂̄̑̂͐͂̏̏̄̏̃̔̊̎̅͒͂͑͂̋̄͋̿̔͒̑̎̄̎̑͑͂̈̄̃̊̂̇̾̔̃̏̉̐̋̚̕̕͘͘͘͘̚͘͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͠͠͝͝ͅͅ ̴̢̢̡̡̧̧̧̧̛̛̛̺̗͇̻̙̹̭̣̮͓̤̭̣͓̪͉̺͍̦̬̗̜͖͉͚̭͙̥̗̞̟͎̰͓̼̙̤͉̠͚͙̜̭͕͚͕̦̣̹̠͖̱̙̼͕̠̱̬͔͙̩̮̻̮̲͙͔̜̬̩̦̞̩̙̻͔̪̼̹̜̱͓͂͐̋̈́͑̋͛̓͂̅͑͂̊̐̅̒͑̋̎͌̐͆̇̉̈́͆̎̈̐̂̎̑̋̐́̒͋̃͋̀͛̆̋̅͘̕̚̕͘͜͜͜͜͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅ8̶̢̛̛̛̫̲̫͕̲̰̦̖̥̳̥̖̟͎͎̤̮̤̜̞̹͍̳̠̘̼̳̬̝͖̫̙̩̖͚͕̱̮̮̝̥͉̮͚̲̲̮̲̀͐̍̎̈́́̓̀̅͗̔̈́͑̊̓̈́̈̃̑̿̍́̇́̄͋́̀͆̈́̃͑̔͂͐͐̑̓̀̅̊̉̽͌͐̓̃̋̊͆͗͊̿̾͐͗̃̃͌͌͑͒͂͑͆̃̅͊̐̂̋̈̉͂̃̄͌̂̀̾̎̅̿͑͒͋̌̑̌̇̑̄͒͑̒̏̄̾̌͛̏́̆̐͆̀͊̃̒̓̀̀̂͌͐̍̂̏̌̓͐̿͛̅̄͌͌̽̿͌͐̄̃͑̀̍̕͘̚̕͘̕̚̕͘̕͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͠͠ͅͅẗ̸̡̡̡̨̧̢̡̧̢̨̧̧̧̨̡̨̧̡̡̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̰̜̣̜̖̮̟̟̰̼̪̰̘̭̠͎͉͉̪̞̦͇̜̦̫̳̜̤̳̭͇̙̮͚̹̲̬̞̳̼̩̞̪̱̦̯̮̞̰̬͚̤͖̤̱͎̙̬̖̖̜̺͖͇̜̯̟̗̻͍͍͕̲̪̹̮͔̱͖̼̼̣̹̜͎̦̹̜͈̠͇̻̳̤̳͕͓̦̤͉͉̻͇̤̖̯̮̮̹̼͚͎̖͈̹͈͉͇͉̟̱̱͓̫͕͓͈̲͚̪̫̼̹̗̻͇̰͖͙͙̙̻̖̪̻̳̯̜̯̳̮͇͎̘̘̲̜̪̞͔͇̬̪͇̬͉̫̮̟͈̩̰̯̞̱̯̜̫͈̥͔̝͇̣̖̺̤̩́̈́̂̓̉̉̎̉̋̏͌͗̋̾̌͋͒̽̇̐̏̈́̇̽̉͑́̉̀̓͆́͗̀̓͗̿͂̿̃̎̓͌̇̎̄̑̐̃͐̾́̑͂̿̊̆̂̀̒͌͑̈̇̂̀̿̂́̈̇̽̋̇̀͑̋͛̆̇̆̄̉̐̌̄̿͆̅͌͛̅͛͌̀̓̆̇̅͋̍̐̅́̇̅̃̉̔̄̍̍̔̈̔͂̔̋̿̄̂̒͊̆̀̂͆͒͗̊̽̾͐͆̐̅̆͑͗̅̂͑̇̊̆̄̄͋̊͛̅̑̅̄̔̅̒̊̈̑͒̒̐̈͘̕̚̕̚̕̚̕̕͘̕̚̚̕̕͜͜͜͜͜͜͠͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝ͅͅͅģ̴̧̨̧̧̛̝̼̺̦̩͍̳̤͓̹̣͚̙̰̲̼̲̱̼͍̙͖̘̖͔̫͔̺̮̣̤̖͓̺̲̙͓͚̘̗͙̮̼̤͇̬̫̥͓͓̹̙̭̹̘̤͇̫̩̦̭̲̻͙̞̬̻͕̲͈͍͕̝̤͇̼̼̯̺͍͈͙̌̔̇̓̈́̄̃̏͒̓́̌̆̾̓̀͒̇̿̃̉͋̒̀͐͆̒̀̿̋̋̂̋́͋̚̚͘͜͜͜͜͜͝͠ͅư̸̢̧̧̢̧̢̨̡̢̡̧̨̨̡̢̡̢̧̧̡̛̛̛̛̟̳͚͖̖̳̺̺̟̱̮͙̼̤͙̞͍̤͈̤̥͈̰̰̮̼̥͎̟̜̫̖̤̪͓̙̖̠͙͖͙͙͚̝̱͇͓̭̹̥̘̞̖̮͙͓̥̦̬͕̣̗͇̻̳͙̥̯͕͕̞̼͇̖̦̻̟̫̠̱͕̤͈̻̤͓̜̯̪͚̜̩͈̥̙̥̦͈͖̙͈̻̪͓͔̳̲̜͉͖̱̺̭̫̮̙̣̥͖̯͙̦̙͔̹͓̥̬͉̙̠̯̜̣͈͍̝̝̦̤̰͓͕̬̦̘̪̲̜͍͉̞̭̮̥̪͇̭̮̻̘͎͍͎͖̝͖̭̟͍̬͉͔̦̞̰̰̥͎̙̬̹̳͚̯̝͔̫̖̘̘̠̺̦̟̠̟̫̻̙͙͓̭̠̖̩̺̥͕͕͇̱̤̘͈̣̺̫͖̜͈̥̣̭͎̮͓̪͈̆̋̊̒̔͋̽͆̀̊͊̈́̌͌̂̆͂̄̓̋̐̔̄͗̇̀̉́̔͊͋̅̄̌̋̍̇̐̇̿̇̍͌̿́̔̊̈́̀͑̑̀̅́̊̉̂̂̓̎͂̔̂̿̇̎̃̑̀̂̒͂͊͐̅̅̉͗͐̎͗̄͂̄̐̉̄̊̒̆͋̉̏̉̆̂̌͊͒̎̆̉̿͘͘͘̚̕͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͠͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅģ̴̧̛̛̛͇͍̭̱̰̮̠̪̥͙̠͕͕̙̄̏̀̌͌̀̆̈́̑͗̃̅̀̇̐̈͋͛̿͛̇̀̔̔̊͌́̂̀̂̈̓͆̀̋̾̌̾͐͐͂̒̄̔̓̈́̈̇͊̅͗̎̓̓͑̽̃̏̎͐̆̎̃͒̐͋̿͌̋̍̄͊̀̄͛̇̎͂̀̋̏́̍̂̉̓͒̑̇͌̀͒̐̂̿̌͑̑͗̃̎͋̊̊̚͘̕͘̕̕͘͘͠͠͝a̷̡̡̡̧̧̡̧̧̡̢̧̧̡̢̡̡̡̧̧̢̧̨̨̢̨̢̧̡̨̢̨̡̡̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̳̟̳͔͈̪̰̯͖̮̟̮͚̞̟̲͖̼͇͚̦̯͈̣̭̲̜̞̱͔͚̙̠̱̣̫̠̩͎̮̭͔̪͇͔͈͕͇̖͔̼͈͓̮̪̝̮̮͔̼̘͖̰̹͎͈͚̲̟̪̮͓̘̗̭̬͙͕̜̺̺̫̰̟̹͕͚̘͔̣̻̩̲̜̮̪͎̝̥̱̞̮̣͍̹͉̖͓͖̱̠͎̣͍͇̰̜͇̥̗̘̪͕̟̲̫̪͔̮̝͓̰͚̯̞̼͚̦̼͉̼̦̬̻̠̮̱͕̯̪̲̺̦͈͖̮͈̻̱̞̙̖̙͍̩̲͕̦̥̪͉͎͔͖͎͉̦̘̤̼͖̖̪̙̻̦͓̟̰̥͈͉͈̞̞͉̳̺̭̰͔̭̣̰̞̖͍̹͙̱̤̍̿̄̒̃̉̓̓̈́̉͑̒̅̿͂̆̾̐́̐̈́̐̌̄̆̑̌̈́̿͐̓̀͗̆̿̆̉͑̑̆̽̍̑̈̿͗̒̄͊͋̊̏̍͋̆̐͗̐̃̄͐͆͌̈͆͋̋̇̐̔͌̒̀͒̈͑̇̑͌̋̊̂͗̿͊͐̓̽̒̉͊̍͋̔̋̎͐͑͋͒͂̄͋̆͗͗̿̄͑̋̐̄͒̓̄̍̅̍̉͌̒̏͌͒͗̊̀̈̅͐̍͊̈̊̓̃̓̄̋͌͋̄̌̈̾̿̿̋̾̈̔̾͊͆̍̑͂̓̆͛̇̐̎̆̂͊̆̌͛͛̅͊̀͆̒̃̍̃̊͛̀̄͌̃̇͂̋͆͒́̊͂͊̌̋̇̒̔͗̽͐̽̔̾̒͆̀̓͛́͑͐̄̽̇̋̇̍̏̽̍̾͂̕̕̚̕͘̚͘̚͘̕͘̕̚̚̚͘͘̕͘͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͠͝͠͠͝͝͠͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅá̵̧̡̨̧̡̨̨̧̢̧̢̢̧̢̧̧̨̡͍̩̠̗̤͉̫̼̺͓̦̟̮̙̲̪̠͖͉̻̠̙̻͈̞̣̹̹͔̯̮̙͚̱̟̞͇̯̟̝̥̯̫̮͙̮͉͙̳̺̞͖̫͔̰͉̹̖͍̟̼͔̫͍͚̹̫̮̖̬͇̻̩͖̭̩̹̮̭̝̣̯̞̼͔͚̫̺͍̘̞̗͖̱̣͔͍͙̪͎͖̦͉͉͈͖̱͕͈̱̣̖̗̰̞̹̘̖̺̣͔̖̻̗̜̙̳̹͎̗̱̱͇̥̫̝̜͈̼̪͕̦̳̲̩̻̖̰͔̬̥͚̺͈͍̦̻͕͙̱͕̯̞̘̠̘̥͉̥͚̟̝̈́̌̀͜͜͜͜͜ͅͅͅͅ ̸̧̡̧̢̨̡̡̡̧̡̨̨̧̢̧̢̢̨̧̨̢̡̨̨̡̧̡̢̛̛̛̛̛̼̼͕̺̖̫̯̥̞̣̳̠͙̩̞̱̣̲̪̝̲̳͔̺̙̟̹͚̹̦͚̲̱͙̻̯̞̝̩̲͖͙̝̟͚͈̟͔̫̫̳̩̼̥̻̠͙͓͖̤̞̥̬̩͖̫̲̮̬̫̰̜͎̦͕̠͇͔̝͔̲̬̟̙͍̠͉͇̠͇̺͔̤̰͙͕̜̲̜̬̹̥̣̦̰̥͇͙̜̩̱̱͕̼̰̳̝̙͔͉̱̻̟̗̝͎͖̦̲̪̖̰̞̼̝̻̪̜̖̪͎͕̙͍̺̯̞̥̮͑͛̈́̽̈́͗̃̃̄̓̏̊͊͒̀́̂̇͑̐̐́̈́̀̃̈̀̽̈̌̆̎̓̉̐͂̍̈́̿̀̔̍̏̉͂͐͋͋̆̑͒͌͌̏́̎̿͊͑̾͑̀̉͋̋̀́̓͛͌̋̌̾͌̿̒̅̆̀̑͐̄̔͒̎̊̓̐͐́͐̊̅͐̽̽̿̏̑͒̄͌̋̒͐̿̏̔͊̎͐̔̎̐͒̌͐̀͐̏̌̏̇̓̑͑͋͆̇̾̍͌́̾̓̎̔̀̏͊͆͛͛̽͒̾̌̔͌̔̅̎̒̒̔͂́̏̈̊̇́̃̈̅͆̆͂̃̊̀̔̅̃̄̌͋̓̆̇̅̑̄̌̂̄͂̋͗͊̉͋̔͐͂̐̽͋̔̍̾̓̂̚̚̚̚͘̚̚̕̕̕̕͘̚͘͘͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͠͝͝͝͝͠͠͠͠͠͠͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͠͠͝͝͝͠͠͝͝ͅͅͅͅd̴̢̢̛̛̞̠̏͛̽̓̾̃́͒̊̍͌̃͂͆̂͋̊͒̾̎̔̀̓̇́͌̇̊͋̋̉̊̈́͌͋̈́̒̄̊͌̐̈̀͊̀̇̄̆̃̽̅͘͘͘͘͘̕͜͠ḑ̷̨̢̨̢̧̡̧̧̡̧̧̡̨̨̢̡̢̢̨̢̧̛̼̪͕͎̗̳̟̘̠̮̘̮̮͕̪͔̺̦̞̺͉̤͔̬͇̗̺͚͔̼̟̦͕͔̣̻̠̩͎̖̰̤̩̼̮̳̱̰̮͖̟̤̤̣̺͚̙̠̱̹̟̙͇̮͎̱̳͈̯̫̩͚̘̣͙̺̟̟̪̦̹͖̙͙̮͔͈̱̝͚̯̖̥̞̤̙̟̙̪̠̼̮͎̬̻̹͍̞̩̩̭̳͖̱̭̟͓̫͔̣̲͓̠̫̞̞͇̠͉͙̹̗̳̰͈̯̲̘̩̬̩̖̺͈̖̱̞͚͍̙̰̰̖̯̣̤͎̲̰͙͍̼͔̘̣̬͍̬̞̝̣̟͚̠͈̖̻̺͍̗͙̗̫͈̳͔̭̠͉̹̹͕̰̜̤̤̳͖̞͔̬͙̪̖̞̥͉͕͙̱̄̿͌̏͌̔͌̄̒̈̿̌͂͐͒̊̓̎̏͌̓̏̌̐́́̾̊̋͒̈́͋͋̓͛̃́͑́̚̚͘͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͠͠͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅ ̸̡̨̡̨̧̡̨̨̡̢̡̫͍̩̫̣͖̖̠͈͕̥̣̘͔̫͓̦̹͖̙͔̝̩͇̥̖̪̱̦͇̮̤̪̗̘̙͓̦̭̹̭̜̤̟̹̦̹̼̫̰̟̰̬͙̘̣͔͚͖̬̙͎̠͍̤͔̞̭̤̖͙̖̲̣̰̰͙̠̩̜̯̼͎͚͚̪̰̰͍͍̲̹̹̘̯͖͚̪̤̖͎͔̥̜̩̰̜̞̝͔̞̩̜̆́͐̑̇̉̄͑̅̌́̐̏̑̓̀̋̉̉̃̔̄̌̉̓̒̆́̄͐̇̚͜͝͝ͅͅͅŗ̴̡̧̢̛̪͙̗̥̗̬̬̩͙̭̝̳̪͇͓͖̬̙̱͕̫̲̭̲̫̬̪̜̜̋̽̾̾̋͐͗͗̌̓̍̔̃̍̇̇̽̋̌̅͒́̓̉̈̊̾̎̒͑͌̓̊̈́̏̔̌̂́͗̓͑͂̈̐̽̃͐͋̽͗̇͐͐̏͛̾͋̈̎̈͐̊̒̽̑͂͒̃̒̐̂̂̽͌͂̾̔̆̂͌̏̀̎̽̍͌̋͛̔̑̈̔̀̉͑̕̚͘̚̚̕̚̕͜͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͠ͅ8̸̢̨̢̨̧̧̢̧̢̡̡̧̨̨̡̨̧̨̢̡̛̛͓̯͇̗̰͓̩̟̖̤͇̻͔̠̠̖̳̺̻͕͚̮̞̼̫̫̯̤͙̣̗̟̯͖̤̯͔̬̥̗̲͚͈͎̤̥̬͉̠̝͈͎̤̯̜̳̫̬̗̯͚̯̲̲̥̖͕̱̺͔̘̜̼̜̥̬̲̩̠̝̱͎̼̫̣̜̝̼̹͓̞̫͎͖̤̯̪̞̳̣͔̩̻̻̩̖͎̖̻̳̟̹͖͕͕̗͍̞͎̝̱̺͓̺̰͉̬̮̠̲̭͖̪̪̹͔̦̥̯̗̰̥̥͈͕͕͇̯̦̞̻͍̮̗̖͎͖̤̖̦̟̞̳̳̗̖̪̟̠͙͔̝͍̮͚̫̼̖̭̼̣̥̯̓̿́́̌̓̊̂̐̅̍̉͒̈́̂̉̐̇̾̎͒͗͋̌̿̾̍̃̀́̾̀̆͋̈̀̄͌͛̾͛̍̓͌̒͆̉͛̾̐̿̀̑̄́̉͛̆̆͊̿̆̑͊͗̒͒̑̊͂̃̎͑͛͛͑͆́͗̈̎̍͗̉̍͑̿̾̂̅̎̊͊̓̈̽̍̈̅̕̚͘̚̕̚̚͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͝͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅ8̶̢̡̨̡̡̡̨̧̧̨̡̡̧̨̡̢̨̭̦̬͎̙̦̩̟͔͓̹̰̤̱̝͙͎͙͎̞̤̞̣̼̯̰̱̞͍̰̜̤̩͓͓͔̦̝̼̰̟̙̞̭͚̜̠̱͙͚̮̦̟̻͓̫̝̮͇̘̱̤͈͓̟̫̬̻̰̗̞̞̯̭͖̟̤͙̟̙͔͖͈̗̣̙̭̳̝̬̠͓̥͙̮̼͉̮̮̩̯̼̮̮͚̙̝͈̼̮̯̤̻̖͚͈̺̹̬̭̘̘͉̫̪̪̬̻̠͉̦̺̱̳͉͍̬̥̩̘̫̰̼̤̙͔̤̳͕͓͉̜̣̫̮̣̩̼͚̱̮͓̩͔͉͈͔̭͎̦̘͉̬̖̭̭̹̙̯͖͓̣̣̟͎̥͔͕̘̰̰͖͇̏̒̆͋̈́̓̂̈́̒̆͒̽̀̿͗̏͛̐̕͜͜͜͜͜͝͠ͅͅͅ ̵̢̡̧̢̧̨̡̨̡̢̧̢̧̢̨̨̨̨̧̧̨̡̛̛̛̻̦̣̳̠̤̙͍̦̮̳̼̙̪͓̞̘̰̜̻̳̟̣̰̫̬̼͙̱̼͍͚͉̣̭̮̳̼͎͍̞̯̩̣͙̠̻̠͕̱̻̱̗̟̥̣̦͍͕̱̲̰̠̥̳̟̩̘̮̞̻͓͙͉̰͈̱̻̻̗̞͔̫̣̤̭̟̘̠̭̘̘͈̭̠̰̯̳̼̮͇̱͔͚̰͖͓̻͓̜̫͉̥̲͚̣̮̝̼͕͖̼̩̱͈̤̪̠͍̣̫̥̦̪̘͍̼͓̺̺̞͕̤̮̗̙͇͍̻͎͇͖̣̦̞̺̙͕̤̯̬̪͇̙͖̫̖͓̭̯͔̼̙̖̙̙̗̬͔̙̹̳͖̦̱̱̻̱̯͉̦̞̄̀̾̈́́͆̋͂̀͒̽̅̃̽̈́̾̐̃̃̑̏̌̊̀̀̋̔͛͌̈́̑̿̿͆͊́̽̑̏͊͊̎̐̐̈́̅͆̽̀͛̈́̍̄̍͑̑̌̅͑͌̎͆̉͆͌̓̇̅͌͒̾̋̒̋͆͑̎͗̽̔̀̎̀̒̽̑̔̂̽̐̄͑͒̋̋͘͘͘͘͘̕͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͠͝͠͝͠͝ͅͅͅͅ8̵̡̡̡̡̧̨̡̨̧̢̨̢̡̢̛̛̛͓̱̻̱͖̱͎̦͇̰̹͍͍͉͈̙̬̣͖̫͔̼̱͓͉̪̖̘̲̗͚̱̳̣̭̼̺͔̘̖̞̬͇̼͉̣͓̙̠̖̜̘͖͚͖̪͎̳̟̪̜̣̻͈̘̦̺̗̩̳̬̝̜̖̜̣̤̳̼̘̦̦̜͔͔̘͇̤͙͈̦̗̬̼͓̺̘̬͔̲̮͍̬̝̻͎̙̳̞̲̙̟͚̭̘͖̹̻̯̭̮͚̬͉͓͕̰̦̟̳̖͕̺̞͓̯̪͇͚̹̻̺̦̯̟͍̩̗̦̰̘͓̻͓̯͇̲̦̖͕̳͚͍̙̖̻͇̩̗̠̞̜͇̠͔̟̫̜̣̤̦̭̱̱͔̜̠̲͈͈̹̜̬͖͚͕͎̭̖̪͉̠̩̜͕͕̗̺͚͙̟̙̹̏̄̐̇̐͒͂̅̈́̎̃̈͊̇̒̔̀̑̆̀̀̂́̈́͑́͐̏͗̊̓̋̄̊̓͋͌͒̆̋͒́̐̂͐̓̓̓̓̃́̔͋́̃̋͗̍̉̈̋̂̎̾̌͛͑̓̔͊͛̒̾̒͑̍̅͐̍͑͊͑͌̒͌͌̊̄͗̌̑͆͋̄̂̒͋͆̌̿̾̚̕͘̚͘̕͘̕͘͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͠͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅt̵̡̧̢̡̨̧̧̧̡̨̨̧̢̢̢̢̢̢̡̛̛̺̮͉̹͖̯̪̜̭̯̯̺̫̦͔͚̫̳̘̗̺͖͉̗͕̪̹͎̜̬̹̼̘̣̦͙̲̜̲̪͍͖͍̤̙̣̘͕̠̲̠̬̰͚͈̟̳̺͖͓̲͍̯̲̪̝͈͚̭̙̟̟̱̪̝̼̗̯̜̼̠͓͔͎̱̰̫̫̦̲̭̱̪̘͕͍̺͙̣̣̠̮̳͚͓̳͉̞̲͎͓̮̰̯̝̙͚̺̺͓̻̳͍̭̟̳̗̜͍̩͈̦͙̗̪̜̙̞̲̮̘͐͗̾̍͑̿̄̾̓͋̾̎̉̽̈́̿̋͒̐̽͐͗͋̔͒̂̉̏̅̀͂̐̽̔̍̀̑̀̓̓̀̒́̏̊̓̒̆̌̈́̐̉͊͐͂̃͌̋̔̽͌̈̅̇̓̑͑̾͒̈̃͌͛̈͗͊̈̆̃̿͂͐̂̽̀̏͐͊̀̌̔̾̒̀̌́̀͛̐̌̌̈͑́̆̎̍͋̉̌̇̒̈̀̑̃̿̌̅̀̅̅̔͐͒̾̅̅́̍̅̿͌̾̌͒̇̓̓̇̿͂͋̀̔̿̕̚̕̚͘͘̕͘̚͜͜͜͜͜͠͝͠͝͝͝ͅͅǵ̶̡̡̛̛̛̛̛̛͚͕̳͔͕̠͓̹̱̫̩̭̬̪̥̫̗̰̤̯̘̩̠̗̱̥̩̜̫̮̣̳̠̖̼̣̫͖̱̙̺̜̬̘̘̟͍̥͖̹̑͗̿̔͑̎̉̆̿̌̉͛͛̐͊͒͛̎̏̒̋̏̋̈͆̀͒̐̅̆̌̒́͋͗̈́̔̅͆͒̋̆͛̉̎͊̉̽̉̏̾̏̊̉̈̌͛͌̔̃͗͂̔͑̽̾͂̆̽̽̐͑̐͐̓̓̂̾̃͑͑͛̌̎͛̏͑̑͌̉̿̓̀͒̂̆͑̂̏̉̊̒̔̏̈̇̊̈͗̎̂͂͒͒̏̊͆̏̊͛̂̍̈̋̑̑̇͊̂͑͋̓̆̆̎̿͂̌͒̆̽̽̈̇͒̋͗̔͐̓̑͐̊͒̀̍̌̅́̆͐͆̈̆̿̇̀̾̐͌̌͐̅̊̾̒̀̍̏͂̅͂̋̋͂̈̉̒͐̃͌̋̂̎̚͘͘̕̕̕̕̚̚̕̕̕͜͠͝͝͝͝͠͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͝ͅͅų̶̨̡̡̨̢̡̢̡̢̡̨̨̨̡̢̡̨̧̧̨̨̨̧̛̛̮̪̣̖̦̺̮̜̖̰̳̳͚̪͖͎̫̬͇̹͕͉̲̳͇͍̻͔̖͖̦̦̗̤͚̦̱̫͎̖̞͚̦̯̜͇̭̤̱͇͕̣̜̟̲̤͓̠̞̦̺̗͓̯͎͚̖̖̣̣̹̭̲̣̪̲̖̗̟̥̼̗͍̖͍͎̭̥̦̺͔͕̹̼͕͔͖̯̹͉͓̦͖̪͔̤̦̲̞̠͕̭̭̯͎̭͔̦͇̹͓̺̞͓̯̤̘̝̱̺̠͉̼̲̦͖̟̘̯̝̳̦̗̠̞̖͇̫̮̦̝̲̖͉̠̪͕̥̦̬͎̟̟͔̤͔̱͓̤̬̹͇̦͚̪͔̠̠̫͎̱̜̼̦͎͇̗̜͍̱̮̻̰̗̞̪̲̦͈̬̙̭͙̘̪̙͈̙̫̯̦̘̩͚̺̲̼̳̘̟̩̠̮̪͙͉͙̳̟͈̲͖̝̖̻̩͕̟͙̙͇͇͎͍̦͇͓̩̀̾̐͑̓̃̔̉͂̓̒͌̾̌̏̃̈́́̒̅͐̋͑͆̅̀̾̈̈́̓͗͋̀̀́͂̆̈́̎͒͒͛͊̒̔̊̑́̿̍͌̄̅̄̐̾͒̅̑̆̍̌̅͂͂̋͆̔̈̐͂̔̅̌͌̔̀͒̆͗͋̋͐̈̔̎͌͂̋͒͑̊͂́͒̇͂̏͗̂̒̆͒̓̽̓̄͑͑̀̾̒̑͌͗̌̉̓̽̋̋̏̎͂̾̔͌̊̆̊͋̊̾͑̔͌͆̿̿͋̾̃̇̇̔̉̈̚͘͘̕̕̚̚̚̚͘͘͘͘̚̕͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͠͠͠͝͝͝͠͝͝͠͝͠͠͠ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅğ̴̨̢̢̢̢̛̛̛̛̖̠͉͍͇͎̦̱̙̲̰̪͓̞̭͖̲̺̤̥̠̭̝̬̯̙̩̺͍͙̤̦̣̥͉̖̯̘͈̩̞͍̮̪̪͍͈̖̥͚͚̠̺̟͕̞̙͍̬̠̠͎͇̲͔͓̼̥͚͙̱̜͉̠͚̭̝̥͎̮̥̹̗̻̝̼̘͛̏̍̉̒̍̅̎͐̀̆́̐͑̒̌͂̓̽̎͋̈́̍͐̓̃̿̑̃̆̆̈͐͘̕̚͜͝͝͝͝ͅă̸̢̢̧̧̡̨̡̛̛̛̛͕̱͕̥͉͔̤̣̫͎͓͙̩̘͎͈͖̦̫̯̬̥̬̱͔̤̠͎͍̗̹̺͍̝̟͎̙̮͈̩̮̣̰̺͖͕̩̣̩̙̜͇̬̜͖̲͖̮̦͔̤̞̭͙̲̪̒̒͊̀̇͐́̌̍̽͛̐͌͋̈́̃͒͑̇̀̊̔̿̂͂͋̽̄̃͗́̎̆͛̈́̇͆̌̏̉͛̃̿̍̀͊̐͂̎͂́́̄́͂̌̿́͒̓͛̈̍̉̋̽̎̔̌͗͐͂̈̃̂̀̿̂̏̃͋̏̏̽͛͊͑̄̃̓̀̔̋͋̎̍̑͛̿̐̂́̅͛͘͘̚̕͘͘̚͝͠͠͝͝͝͠͝͝a̴̧̧̨̢̢̡̢̧̡̧̨̛̛̛̛̛͚͔̝̜̘͖̦̮̝̩̤̺̲̬͙̺͚͇͙̦̬̖̥̖̰̭͇̖̟̖̝̳͈̻͎̬̘̜̯̰̰͉̯̰̰͙̰̪͖̞͎̻͔͍͚̭̱͉͎̣̦̞͖̥̬̘̥͕̠̱̱̜͍͇͙̥̥̟̫̼̖̣̜̰̠̙̣̤̲͕͙͎̱͎͕̱͈͖̳̘̤̳͈̣͚̙̱͔̬͎̝̯̻̙͖̤͓͎̰͖͔̳̳͚̪͍̳͚͚͔̻̥̦̥̰̞̝̝̻̬̞̞̤̫͖͕͔̜̮͓̥̠̹̯̬͍͊͛̆͒̓͒̃̐͋͂̔̓͑̓͛̏͗̓̈́͌̾̿̊̉͊̏͛̑̅̂̋̋͂̍̋̋͌̄́͆́͒̀̃̆̈́̈̏́̿̒̋̒̃̋̈͆̄̄͐̆̇̃͌͒́̐̐͑͑͗̊͊̅̿̐̅̽̋̑͛̍͑͒͛̆̅͋͐͑̃͌̇̕̚̕͘͘̕̚̚̕͜͜͜͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͠͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅ ̵̧̨̢̨̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̝͕͉̗̮̫̜̲̱̻̯̻̺̭̱͙̣̣͍̣̫̲͖̦͈̭̳̼̹̹͍̙̻͍̼͔̳̹͍̮̗̯̘͇̙̩̱̙̭͉̝͉̯̥̰͎͖̱̮͕̫͓̦̲͕̫̦̽̾̎͆̌̇̄͌̀͛̌̿͑̉̅̑̂̑̿́͛̈́͐́̈̎̎̉̽͂͌̑͋͊͑̐̑̏͐̃̎̓̽͒̊̀̋̾̆̐̿̅̽́͛͛͛̋̿͂̿̒̐̄̐͊͑̀̔̈̍̆̊̊͗̃̆̈̈͋̾́̃̎̀̇̀̆̍̿́̿͛͆̑͒̀̑̈̃̌̍̒͆̾̽̇́̽̄̿̔͌̔͋̃͋́͐͋̾̿͐͋͗̑͐̇͂͑͐͌̄̅̽̔̌͆̀́̿͛͐̒͗̎̂͌͗̅̈̋̀̾̋͌͋̂͋̄̚̚͘̕̚̕̚̕͘̚͘̕̕̕̕̕̚͜͠͠͝͝͠͝͝͝͠͝͝͠͠͝͠͝ͅͅd̶̡̢̢̨̢̧̧̡̨̡̨̧̢̧̨̨̡̧̧̢̡̡̨͈̣̩͉̙̤̺̥̬̯̗͈͇̣͎͍̥̟̠̲̭͉̱̻̣̦̣͎̦̹͙̝̰̗̱̞̱̰̠͎͕̥̟͕͓̮͈̲̞̤͙̼̗̙̳̟̼̣͔͙̬̪̯̝͔̭̻̰͉̝͎̻̻̗͙͍̮̤̖̗̤̰̘̙̥͔̪̫͖̺͔͎̗̜͎͉̞̥̮̼̩͚̦̪̩̰̖̫̝͖̫̯͚͖̲͓̟̦̤̳̰̘͇̗̮̺̙̹̗̣̮̖͚̱̭͇̘̯̲̩̺̻̳̝͍̼̻̲̱̺̼͔̗̳̼͇̱̮̮̺̻̥̲̩͕̤̗͔̯̠̣̞̩̬͇̗̘̖̝̜̹̭̪͍͇͙͚̞̲̣̺̗͇̫̙̝͙̖̼̻́͒̊́̔̂̐͆͌͋̌̐̇͌̌̐͛̓̓̅̒̐͆͑̂̀́̈̅̊͌̓̾̈̔̀͐̑̏̓́͑͐̔̎̚͘̕̕͘̚͜͜͜͜͝͠ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅḑ̴̢̢̡̡̡̢̧̡̨̧̢̢̼̰̻͙̩͈̘̤̘̼̟̞̻̫͓͔͈̳̙̠̺͉̬̤̥̺̬̳͓̼͍̘̟̼̰̻̣̻͈̥̤̩̭͙̼͔̲͎̻͙̰̜̤̦͓͉͉̩̠̟̮̗̠͚̼͚̖̳̩͈̪̲͚͙̰̫͇͕̦̠̪̖͎̱͙̲̭̫̪̰͕̺̲͓͖̪͕̫͈̻̲̭̗̞͎͎͓͍̻̲͔̞̦͕͖̼̬͓̙̣̤̣͙͙̬̼͖̊́̌̍́̌̃̓͑͑̃̌̒̀̊͂͌͒̈́́̀̔͊͑̄̂̈͐̂̀̾͌̈͛͒̂̔̔̇́̅͋̎̎̓̔͗̚̕̕̕̕̕͜͜͜͜͠͝͠ͅͅͅͅͅ ̴̢̛̛̪̦̝̦̪̖͚̝̦̝̬͎̋̍̈́̉̂̿̀͒̃͌̈̂̿̓̓̉̐͐̐́̈́͛͊͛̆̊̂͊̑̊̿͊̓͋̀̈́͐̍̊̂̾̅̆̾̎͊̎͗̒̍̋́̀̊̓͛͛̋̂͛̇͐͆͊̇̒̍̄͌̇̓͌́̾̂̈̆̔̏̾́͑͂͋̚͠͝͠ŗ̵̨̧̨̨̡̧̧̨̨̢̨̢̨̧̡̢̧̧̧̧̢̧̛̛̛̛̭͚̯̜̠̬͔͔̼͍̙͓̥͔͚̣̗̬̲̱̳̗̘̟̪͙̠̦̞̫͓̮̻̣̥̭̟̫̜̰̼̝͚̫̮͈͔̝̘̭̠̞̹̣͓̯͍̖̗̥̫̯͎̥͚̮͇̺̙̩͈̮͔̬̞̰͍̥̜̩̭̝͓̩͕̬̹̣̮̮͖͙̠͕̤̟̠̠̮̲̳̣͉̣̠̜͎̲̬̗̤̥͇͚̜͈̭͎͈̯͔͉̦̬͓͉͓̪̳̹͇̳̪̞̜̠͉̺͍͔̥͓̤̰̻̲͔̥̭͖͓̬̺͉̥̻̗͎͓̰̤̠͈͇̱̝̦̞̜͙̫̜̳̱̳̥͇͚̥͕͚͇̠̩̮̻͓̩̳̺̳̬̯̖̥̞̭̼͖͕͕̜̬͕͚̟͎͔̖̪̭̞̻̟͍̩̭͚̟͉̞̤̮͙̹̥͙̦̜̟̞͈̣̬̱͚͓̪͕̲̺͔͇̻̺̰̼̝̬̮̜̱̺̯͉̺̘̟̙͖͇͇͇̝͓̣͈͒̿̾̏͒̈́̐͋̅̊̍̄̔̋̔̄̑͆̈́̒̍̑͑͒̎͛̍̄̇̋͂̉͆̈̏̄̐̋̌̇̊̀͐̀̏̾̈́̽͊͑̄̿̊̀̂̂̆͋͊́̋̓̒̽̈̐̉̊̿̐͒͋̏́͋̅͋̊̏̌̈͛̐̌̌̔̉́͆͋̂̌͗͆͒͗̌͌͋̒̅͐̇̎̔͂̀̋̂̽̉͐͛̓͆̓͒̐̉̀͂̔̀̌͛̀̃̌͑̎̿̆͆̾̒̎̀̊̄͋̊̍͋̊͂͊͗̈̌̉̓̔̈͊͂̎̑͗̿̚̚̚̕̕͘̚̚̚̚̚̚̚͘̚̚͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͠͝͠͠͝͠͝͝ͅͅͅ8̵̡̧̨̨̢̧̨̧̛̛̛̛̥͎̻̳̰͓̳̣͇̗̻̦̭͕̤̘̯̘̣̜̱̫̟̲̲̝̺̹̪̗͎̟̹̝̯̩̘͓͔̞̫̲̬͉̱̳̻͚͓̠̜̩̝̘̯̟͖͚͖̱̹̹̜͚͖̰̃̀̓̑̾͛͒́̇̓̆̄̄̒̐̂̕͘͝͝͝͝ͅͅͅͅ8̵̧̛̛̛̛̛̖̞̖̥̌͑̋̐̏́̈̀́̒̓̂̿̍̔̿͗́̿͋͑̂͊͛͑́̓̿̐̓̓́͌̎̑̋͒̏͆̆̄̿̀̉͆̏̓͌̋̇̂́̃̔̍̄̌͂̉̌̔͌͌͗̆̓̈̀̉́̂̌̃̓̿͗̔̒̊́̀̔͂̓̽̈̇̐͂͋̓̔̑͊̒̆́̽̿̌͒̒̋́̀͑̏̆͑̊͆͂̅̐͊̔̉̎̉̊̆̂̇̔̀͒̔̑͐͗͛̓͊̄͒̆͆̓̾̉̇̂́̾̍̄̏̀̐̂̿͌͗̉̐̋͌̑̽̈̅̎̾͗͑̈̇̉͊͆͐̒̽͒͆̒͋͐̍̄͂̃̂͋̉͑͂͋̓̔̍̉͌͂͌͒̋͒̒̈̌͋̀̍̂̂̕̚͘̚͘̚͘̚͘͘͘̚̚̕̕͠͝͝͠͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͠͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝ ̴̡̡̧̧̡̢̢̧̨̧̨̨̨̧̢̧̡̡̛̜̦̞̲͍͇̼̖͍̰͙̳̼̫̝̹͓͍͔̞̮̻̣̦̭̭̤̠̱̻͔͎͎̳̲͖̺͙̗̠̝̮̩̜̩̲͈̱̲͖͎͔̘̜͖̜̳̲͓͖̳͖̠̳̭̤̙̗͇̫̪̯̲̪̦̪̤͈̠̲̝̺̼̹͔̪̲̻̥̳̘͈͍͓͚̭̳̞̭̬̙̜̤̳̜̻̩̩̣̻͇͍͍͇̭͍͈̱̘̫̪̜̬̣͖̘̱̫̬̠͎͍̤͙̤͕̤͉̗̻̱̝̲̦̱͈̰̆́́̏͊̅̂̎͌̑͊͋͑̿́̀̓̊́͋͛̈́́͌͌̆̐̀́͐͊̈́͋͛̾̄̍͊̀́̎̐͆́͐͌́̄̃̈́̉̍̇͛̐͛̓͌̐̄̃̒̋͋̃̓͒̊̂̌̈͑͌͑̃̒͆͗̋̓̐͂̂̾̉́̓̿́̑̌̏̔̌̽͋̓̊̒̾͛͗̀͋́̄̍͛̂̿́̾͋̌̍̐́̄͌̽͋̃̉̌͗͑̋̅̿̔̔̓̊̿̉͊̋͌́͑̒͌̊̚͘͘̚̚͘͘̕̕̚̕̕̚̚͜͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͝ͅͅͅͅͅ8̸̛̛̛̙̲́͂̎̀̊̿͐̍̅͌́̽͋̓͒͌͋̀̏̒͛͑̀͋̾̐͆͐̎̋̃̓̌̆̽͂̾͗̇̾̎͊̈̽̉̓̐͆͛͆̿̉͗̃̾͌̽̎̉́́̊̓͐̓̉̎̀͊̔͗̇̑͐̏̑̅̉̎̒͆͑̅̿̾̇͂͆͊͗́̄̈̎̇̄̃̔̇͒̿́̀͗̅̊̉̃̒͆̏̑͛́̐̊͒͆͌̉͊̔̇̉̅̏̀̍̽͒͒̍̀͊̍̓̇͊̅̀͗͑͋̂̓̉͗̒̀̓̽͒͐̏̚̕͘̕̕̕͘̕̚͝͝͝͝͠͠͝͝͝͠͝t̵̢̡̢̡̛̛̛̛̛̛̲̦̞̥̲̙͕̳̲̙̘̻͍̤̤̰̲͚̮̠̱̦͚͎̻͙͓̯͍̹̯̫͉͖̬͓̪͈̫͈̣̭̜̻̜͉̬̣̼̥̥͖̝̞͇͈̙̬̰̖̳̻̳̮̹͎̜̫͉̣̤͚̦̮͋̓͑̔̽̓́̈́̽̃̓͆̀̇̔̆͛̋̅̆̀͐̂̆́̊̄̿̔̾͐͌̎̍̄͑̏̔̇̒͗͛̅̀̈́͛͛̃̽͋͛̽̿̅̄̅̓́̅̑̍̀͂͒̔͑̂̓̿̏̏̉̑͐̾͐̆̉̅̾̽̀̀͒̉̔̄͐̏̒̄̋̌̉̇͒̎̽͌̄̾͑̽̃͗̏͛̌̌̎̐̇̉͆̐̆̽͋̄͂̽̊͑̔͐̍̿̒͒̆̏͗͋͋͗͑̆̽̇̎̽̈̆̏̉̇͗̃̂͋͗̅̃̽̽̉͑͑̃͋̌̾́̾͂̑͆̑͛̿͊̓͋̅̅͒̒̀̐͋̚͘̚̕̚̚͘̚͘̕̚͘͘̕͠͝͝͝͝͝͠͠͝͝͝͝͝͠͠͠ͅg̴̡̨̢̡̧̧̡̡̢̧̨̧̢̢̧̨̨̨̨̢̡̢̨̢̨̢̨̡̡̡̛̛̛̛̛̛̞̖̣̖̫̰͎͓̱͈̥͉͓̰̹̼̘͉͕̻̝͖̬͙̩̦̮͎̲̬̼͖̤̳̯͇͕̤̤̯͕̹̟̝̝̗͔̭̮̖̲̯͔̦̜͎̦̮͉̹̥̤͖̜͖͍͉̣͉̳͖̙̜̦̗͍͖̩̳̙͎̩͙̖͍̳̰̝͉̯̥̥̩̙̟̺͍̙̙̫͖̬̜͉̲͍̙̜̖̰̰̼̟̝̰̼͚͓̜̳͇̘̳͓̪̪̖͓͕̻̗͎̝͓̗͚̣̪̪̲̩̰̭̳̰̣̠͙̝̲̖̭̲͙̗̥̣͇̣̟̼͍̖̪̻͈̬̩͖͇͓̳͚̤̟̰͔̤̖͈̦̝͈̰̼̼͔̣͈̩̦̦̱͔̹̘̲̯̬̖̪̣͔̗̖̠̫͉̮̟̼̙͔̙̹̠͚̝͖̥͎̬̹̫̙̠͍͔͎̤̖̗̰̻͙͎̼͚̩̹̰̼͔̩̦̝̥̲̥͍͛̀̿̈̔̈͗̆̂̈́͋͊̈́̀̎͒̌̀̈͋̈̃̓͂̊͊̊̈́̽̿̈́̆̃̃̍̈́̿̒̆͆̀͐͛͑̋͆͆̈̑̊̽͒͛̾̽́̾̂͂͌̑́̀͌͐͌̽̈̅̌̔̄̍̒̇̂͋̿̎͐̔͂̆̽͌̎̿̈͋̈͊͌̑̇̎̈͊̋̑̉͌̋̊͆̏̂̿̌̎͛̐͋̅͊̎̿̅͂̀̒͒̋̇̆̎̌͆̊͛́͊̐̾̉̈̓̽͑̾̽͐̀̒̾̒̅̆̇͒͊̎͐̉̇͒̿͊͌̿̆̇̿̍̿͋̑̌̍̌́̍̌͛̾̐̑̏͐̆̇͗̽͐͒̽͂̑͌̇͒̋̒͛̄͑͑͒͌̈̐̾̀͂͆͐͋̎̾̇̎̍͐̕̕͘̚͘̕̕̚̕̚̚̕̕͘̚͘͘̚̕͘̚͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͠͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͠͠ͅͅͅͅͅͅu̷̡̧̨̨̧̡̢̧͓̬̣̯̜̤̜̹͇̝̳̳̰͙̮̟̙̰̘͚̞̯̥̗̦͙̱̦͙̞̜̳̠̙̞̮̣̹̙̲̮͖͇̩̘͍͓̘̺̩̥͓̣̗̹͈͚̲͍̥̗̟̣̺̫̭͈̘̺̦̠̖̟̯̳̘̞̹͔͓̤̤̥̮̥͙̬̥͓̞̹̖͙̭̦̙̳̗̖̿͛̈́̓͋͛̾͂̍̀́͑̐̃̃͆̓̀̇̔̍̓̋͌̃̀̋́̂̋̈́̈́̿͆̽̍͌́̄̃̌͂́̾̏͘̚̚͘̚̚̕͜͝͠ͅg̴̡̢̧̧̧̧̡̨̢̢̡̧̨̨̢̨̡̨̨̧̡̢̨̡̗͚̜̲̺̝͔̹̟̬̤͈̖͉̪͉̩̭̻̲̠̳̣̲͔͎̹̳̣͖̜͕͍͙̲̥̙̳͔̝̙̖̘̰̖̪̬̝̬̘̼̞̪̪̗̭̮̤̦̘̝̝̖͎̗̪̺̪͎̤̟̳͇͚̪̜̦̺̭͖̱̠̭͍͕͚̮̠̹̟̞̰̤̣͎͍̥͇̬̺͇̜̟̮̤̹̹͈͖͍̘̪̟̼͖̤̤̰̭̭̲͇̮͎͔̺͍̟̪͍͚̩͙̲̤͚͖̝̥͚̗̞̺̗̗̲̩̤̭̖͔̱̺͇̱̱͎̮̲̹̜͕̹̻͔͈̪͕͈̗̬͕̩̗͚̟̤̙̺̝̙̗̖̺̠͚̲̫̪̖͉͉̠̖͈͈̤̼̥͇͖̯̮͔̻̥̘̬̩̱̯͈̘͉͈̞̯̘̜͓͚̗̳͇̲͎̙̻̻̩̩̼̠͚̭͍̹͓̻͙̥̮̗͙͛̊̌̑́̑̄̋̄͛͛̅̓͂̾̈́͆̀͊̓̍͌̄͒́̎̃̉͗̏̄͆̿͘͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͠͝͠ͅͅͅͅͅą̸̧̡̧̨̢̡̨̡̧̛̛̪̰͎̮̰̫̦̥͇͍̮̬̬̣̳̼̣̟̜̤͎͈̱͚̼̬̳͚̝͚͕̩̟͖̻̳̯͈͉̘̝̭̳̙͖̙̙̜̞̯̟̯͍͖̱͚̘̤͓̹͎̱̱̝̦̙͙̩͖̯̫̫̗͈̣͚̬̙̻̗͇͆͐͂̀͂̾̆́̽̐̑̂̀́̉̋̌̀̈́̍̓̾̍̈́̈́̅̐̓̅͐̒̒͒͐̓̿̔͊̒̃̈́̂̂̅̑́͒͑̏̂̀̃̉͋̉̌̊̃̎̇̍̌͛̓̐̉͆̏̄̌͊̀͋̈̐̐̽̂̋͗̍͋̎̿͌̃̽͛͑̋̑̍̽̿͗̽̃̎̇̀̌̌̐̃͂̓̃̋̋̆̎̑̚̚̚̚̚̕͘͘̚͘͜͝͠͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝ͅͅą̸̡̨̢̡̡̢̧̧̧̧̢̡̨̡̢̧̨̛̛̛̛̖̫͕̜̼͉̺͍̩̣̹͔̱͈̠͚̩͓̮͚͎̙̳̺͍̤̖͙̜͕̥͈͈̙̣͉̤̹̫̩͖̠̙̳͖͖̬͎̘̞̰̭̮̩̞͖͖̖̝͎̹͉̰͓͍͖͔̰̪̬̮̳͎̬͎̟͉͉̺̟͙̭̞̭͇͉̤͍̗̼̩̣̱̜͇̠͉͈͇̪̞̻͉̻̫͎̺̞̻̼̯̺͇̝̞͉̦͈̪̮̭̬̖̰̼̭̖̹̪̣̟̻̗͚̝͎̲͕̝̟͍̰̫̝͈̹͈̦̫̟͙̱̀͗̍̊̈̏̓̍̄͆̅͋͌͗̿͋̂͗̊̔͊́̒̅̌̃̐̏̿̉́͌̀͛̔̐͋͗͐̐̑͋͊̾̊̋̾̾́̈͗̑͗̈́̌͋͗͑̃̄̑͋̇͗̍͛́̊̓̀̎̒̃͐͒͛̔͊̉̀̽̑̑͒̉͒́͒̐̏͂̿̒̇̈̄̊̂̽͊̎̾̐̋̓̀͗́̚̕͘̕͘͘̚͘͘͘̕͘̚͘͘͝͝͝͠͝͠͝ͅͅͅ ̷̢̢̨̢̢̧̢̢̧̨̧̧̨̧̡̧̢̧̛̛̛̝̯͔̦̬̬̥̗̝̲̮̥̜̮̙̘̝͖͕̝̩̺̩͔͕̹̟̘̠̭͙͔͔͎̘̪̱͕̰̖̖͚̜̼̯̥̘̻͈̖̤̯͎̣̫̬͕͎̲̠̤̱̻̺̻̩̝͖͇̱̘̘̹̟̦̯̦̪̰̯̥̘͍̫͓̫͖̺͙͖̖̯͍̰̹͓̭̟̟̫̥̱̝̘̤͙͇͔͇̭͍͇͖̰̻̗̗̥̖͚̳̦͔̜̻͍͕͔̝̤̯̮͍̭̺̾̅̆͆̎̍͒̾̽͋̆͆̀̅͐̆̔̏̇̍͂̏̔͐͊̑͛͊̍͌͊̉͋̏͌̆̾̉̋̄́̅̈́̇̔́̏̉͊̾͐̎̿̿͑̎̿̈̎́͂̽̕̚̚̚̕̚͘̕͘͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͠͝͠͝͝͝ͅͅͅḑ̸̨̨̡̢̢̡̨̛͕̠̘̥͇͕̜͙̱̝̪̝̠͈̲͉̻͉̤͉̦̜̥͕̠̹̪̮̺̰̲̯̤̗̗̖͙͚͉̼̣͈͔̞̺̥̥͓̗͍̲̰͈̻͍̦̭̳̹̃̓͐̇̉͊̌͗̾̽̀̇̿͛̃̊̿͐̏́̈́́͆̈́̓͌̋̂̋͐͌̉̀͌̃̏́͂̐̀̆͑̎͊̓̀̿̋̋̐̓̈́̓̅̔̾̋̊̽̽̀̔̇̿͊͌̎̃͆͆̌̌̉̀̔̂͐̊̐̀̅̎̐̽̓́̓́̋̎̑̈͌͐̄͛̔̆͒̍̾̇͌̀͊̀̍̔̇̎͊̑̅̇͐̾̽̽̒̇̉̿͂̆̄̂̌̈̇̏̀̿͒̓͐̅̄̊̋̓̉̂̌̾̐͑̋͋̅͗̉̑͛͗͘̕͘̕̚̚̕̚͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͠͝͠ͅͅͅd̷̡̧̡̢̨̨̡̧̧̢̨̧̡̧̢̨̡̢̧̨̨̨̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̼̗͚̹͍͚̜̤̳̜̬͉͉͖̗͙͇̜̪̖̰͍̟̗̤̮̭̹̘͕͖̰̠̬͖̹̼̘͕̭̰̙̗̳̪̫͖̰̰̻̗̖̱̝͈̗̼͎̪͕͚̠̗̻̭̙̫̳̥̤̠̠̩̥̱̗͈̮͉͓̪̹̬͈̳͕̪͔̖̤̬̟̜̣̫̭̘̟͍͇̫͙͚̠̠͈͚̦̟̖̞̮̥͈͚̜͈͚̰̣̜̜̥̟̩̫̠̭̥̙̜̪̪̱̥̤̘̘͇̮̭̭̪̫̬̬̟̘̠͚̺̦̦̻̠͚̺̹̜̳͙̝̹̰̤͕͈̲̩̟̝̼̼͍̤̩̤̼̥̖̱͎͙͙̯̩̯̲͉̟͔̠̪̦̩̬͇̳̤̠̘̦͓̙̣̳̮̪̖̟̼̳̻͎̖̲̟̭̥̟͈̟̼̞͎̩̲̯̩̲̙̠̺̙̙̩̗͙͇̳̭̤̖̊͐̑̽̀̍͛̀́̄̋̄̓́̌́̅̀̐̆̊͛̓̓̎͊̉̒̽̓̈́̅̏̅̂͑́͐̉̿͑́͑͂̽̎̌̓̌̅̄̋̓̆́̽̑͒̃̇̅̊͐̿̉͌̾͂͂̐̒̾̈͐͂̊͒̊̇͌̂̉̅́͛͌̊̎͒͊̔͑͊̈̉́̆͊̇̑̔̆̅͛̈́͛̅̇̎̂͑̿̽̔̾͛̾̓͆̾͊̈̊̿͋̓̏̇̎̆̿̓̀͌̅̇̓̃͐͐̓̑̽͑̆̊̎̆̾̿̎̃̏͊͂͒̈͗̋̄͌̋̌̌̑̉̓̑̔̉̍͋̇͊̍̉̊̑̏̏̂̽́͑̀̍͂̓̊̇̓͂̍̚͘̕͘̚̚̕̕̕̕̕̕̕͘͘̚̕̚͘͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͠͠͝͝͝͝͠͝͠͠ͅͅͅͅͅͅ ̷̨̧̨̨̡̨̧̢̡̨̧̡̢̡̧̨̡̨̨̢̢̨̛̛̛̛͓̭̺̞͉͎̻͔̣̫̭̭͈̳̟͚̝̫̰̣̙̮̳͍̩̹̳̻͉̳͎̹̱̘̺̗̗͚̩̫̱̝͔͉̗̼͎̥̠̭̮͉̠̼̞̭̟̥͕̩̼̣̟̰̟͈͖̳̹̬̻̯͖̼̖͙͈̞̝̯͎͚̮͇̩̯̖̫͔̦̥̹̩̻̦̩̟̳̠͇̝̹̥̪̹͓̘̺͕̥̻͕͙̲̳̙͕̻̦̥̝͍̖͚͉͚͖̩͓̝̯͚̙̥͚͍̥̠̫͔͓̻͎̳͔̟̼͉̘̗͓͚͔̝͕̯͈̬̫̱̣̜̣̗̗͔̪̖͔͇͇͔̱̥͎̩̺͚̮̣̯͕̮͖̘͇͓͇̯͍̤͇͕̱̥̐̈́̍̀̍̈́͆̉̓̍́̓̓́̏̏̒̐̔́̆̽̐̓̉̀̽͋̅̀̓̀̈́́̓͗̇̒͂̋̒̎̇̀̈́̀̓̉͌̿̑̇̄̀̑͊́͊͆̄͒́̓͆̋̄͆̽̉̒̇̌̇̌̾̍̐̾̉̐͋͂̆͗̃̒̔̐͋̇̓͗̌͒̓͛̍̀̊̇͗̂̽͑̽̅͐͋̋͊̓́̔̾͗͑̑̎̐̍͂̌̒͊̽̐̐̈̆̇̄̏̓̌̿́̒͌̂̎͒̆̿̔̐̓̊̒̎̃̓̋̒͊̾̎̄̈͐̊͂͛͊͂̄͒͗̄̅̑̎̽̂̓̈͋̍̉͛̔̈̊̎͒̎̔̉̎̈͛̏̆͐͂̌͛͛͂̽͂̓̎͗͑͒́̉͋̂̿̉̇͘̕̕̚͘̚͘͘̚̚̕̚̚͘̕̕̕͘̕͘͘̚͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͠͠͝͝͝͠͝͠͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͠͠͠͝͝͝͝͠ͅͅȑ̵̨̧̢̡̨̧̨̧̡̛̛̲̞̜͍̪͍̟̱̗̺̣͇̬̦͓̖͙̹̘͍͔̬͍̟̞̻̦͉̗͈̹̳͚͙̱̭̫̝̤̬̲̜͖̻̞̦̞̬̭̺̟̣̥̫͙̫̺̯͔̦̯̫̩̗͈͈̮̪̞̣͚̼͕̭̲͎̩̖͙͔̭̺̻̹̱͔̱̖̲͓̰̤͈̳̮̱̦͖̺̻̥̯̱̱̩̺̤̙̼͖̠̞͙͓̭̠̲̫̹̣̠̹̭͚̙̹̹͕̝̮̞͙̻͖͓͖̬̱̣̲̺̺̜͇̖̗̗͉̲͈̜͍͎͔̟̰̤̦̳͙̜̥̜̜̎̌̌̾͂̈́͒͑̽̂̄͋́̽̂̽̅̈̑̒͗͆̾͐̄̔̌̇̒̋̾̌̈͒̓̉͊̓̇̄͂̌͆͋́́͑͌̍͋͗̃̒͊͌͗͒́̎͋͊̒̅̾͒͊͊͑͌̆̾̆͋̌̋̃͂̄̌̔̽̂͂̾̌͐̄͋̓̒̎̿̂̂̎̂̋̆̽̂͐̃̎̆͐̄̋͆̊͘̕̚̚̚͘͘̚͘̚͘̚͘͘͜͜͜͜͠͠͠͝͝͠͝͠͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅ8̸̨̡̧̢̨̧̢̨̨̨̢̡̥͓̖̰̹͈̝͈̣͍͉̲̩͖͉͇͎͙̯̜̭͇̱̻̼̺͎̰̮̬̖̝͚͚̻̜̭͔̼͖͔̜̝͚̟͎̗̗̝͕̮̱̮̱̼̺̫͉̬͓͓̩̩̜̙͍̖̠̰̻̼̜̯͈̝͔̫̥͍͚̱̜̯̺̣̼̳̰̬͉͍̞͍̹͇̞̼̮̮͈̝͕̘͙̠̯͖̠͚̭̻̗̑̂͊̂̏̄̀̀̊̇̈́̿̈́̀̓́̈́̏͗̀̑͐́̂͆̎̅͆̋͊͑͒͆̀̅͘̕͜͜͜͝͝͝ͅͅ8̸̢̨̨̨̢̨̨̨̧̧̢̡̢̧̡̧̨̨̢̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̫̝̰̫̻̱̬͚͖̖͇͖͕̯̬̘͎̹̰̘̬̪̩̖̠̱̟̖̗̭̱̮̬̲̹͔̘̰̫͙̫̖̬͉̟͚͓̭̮͖͔̟͍̭̜̪̠͓͇͔͚̱̻̮̱͇̰͔̠̤̭̬̱̪̩̜̘͈̱̪̬͕͙͓̹̟͕̼̙͖̱̭̞͍̮͚̟̘̳̥̺̹̩̳̘͔̦̲̘͚͈̼̹̩̞̘͕̟͈͇̫͎͎̥͈̙̙̝̳̭̖̺͕͔̗͓̥̲̺̖͇̞̠̖̼͖̼̻̤͈̭͇̲̪̻͙̜̤̼̱̺̲̗̭̙̙̤̦̟͕̠͇͕͕͚̜̥͍͖̱̱͙̝̯̺̣͎̙̜͇̺̣̤̟͔̘̬̪̤͈̩̗̹̹̫̙̰̜̫̹̜̱̜̘̦̤͍͖̱̜̥͚̠̠̞͖̠͙͈̫̗̹̤̼̜̮̪͉̺̺͈̝͋͐̊͋͂̌͂̉̉̓͗̊͐͌̈͂͌͂̀̏̄͒̏̆͆́͑͑̿́̈́̀̆̿̒̏͌̍̐̐́̎́͒̏̔͗́̐̈́̉͛̆̂̔̃̑̅́̾̍̋̊̊̒̿̉͊͌̎̎͋̉͛̍̐̒̌̐̋̇̇̑̏̔̊̓̉͌͐͂̂͂̊̔́͋͋̓͋͌͆̌͑͒̌̎͑̔̍̂͊͋̅̅̆͛͛͑̍̀̉̽͂̇̓̐͊̆̉̍̒͂̋̌͛̌͋̍͋̇̔̿͛͒̇̀̿̾͒̽̑̉̄̌̓͆̾͒͛̍̀̆̐̍̏͐̂́̒̉̽̈̑̿̅̂͐̌̅̋́̄͂̋̿̌̍̍̒̿̐̑̂̿̎̽̍͂̅̋͑̃̈̃̇͋̿̄̚͘̕͘̕͘̕̕̕̕̚̚̚̕͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͠͝͝͠͠͝͝͠͝͠͠͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͠͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅ ̴̢̨̨̡̢̡̨̡̡̨̨̢̢̨̧̢̧̢̢̡̡̛̛̛̛̮̦͓̙̼̫̬̟̦̠̮̗̺̟̰̮͕̟̣͉̠͖̗̖͚̞̞̖͉͎̯̞̱͕̤̬̜̺̳͕̦͔͍͕̫͇̯͙̩̠̟̱̦̥̖͈̗͈̹̪̱̤̟̫̜̭̙̺͓͙̭̙̹͈͙͖͚̟̬͙͍͚͉̲͔̯͔͉̤͕̝̩͎̜̠̞̹̜̘͇̺͚̬̼̥̥̳̦͔̫̝͕͉͇͙̟͇̫̗̯͔̯̳̠͇̭̤̤̤͇̺̘͕͈͓̟̱͍̺̹̳̹̻̩̝͇̫̩̠̦̼͙̦̼̣̣̰̞̹͔̞̼͓͈͇͍̰̩̣̮̩̻̝̥̳̳̻̯͈̥̦̯̖̭͎̜̭̻̳̞̘͔̜̤̥̱̜̣̰͙͎̙̩̩͖͓̘̱͎̭̫̘͙̣̹̼́̏͑̂̔̏̔̄͂̈́̋͒͊̌̉͌͊̈́̎̔̓̂̑̔̓̽͐͒̆̈́̉̎͗̎͛́̇̅͒͌̐̈́̀͌͊͐̀͂̅̿̀̎̂́͛̍̈̾͗̂̄͋̏̃̊͐͊͆͗͛̐̏̄̿͋͋̄͑̉͑̉̐̐͐̊͊̈̾̅͒͌̌̒̽͑̿̏̈̋͌̿̊̔̍͂̅̽̏̓̑̅͒̈̂̇̿̂͆̆͌́̉͑́̏̐͋͂̽̇̃̀̌͛̈͋̊͐̿̈̓̔͆̿̔̇͒͆̏͂̄̌̔̊̌̏̓̏̾̑̃̇͑̆̌͌̂́́̏̂̎̍̑̏̎̊̑͗̅̓̀͋̾̒̅͆̌̿̋̇̅̔̉͌̆̓͂̋̑͒͆̉̅̔͌̑̐͗͒̅͑̓̚̕̚̕̚̕̚̕̕͘͘͘͘̕̕͘͘͜͜͜͜͝͠͠͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͠͠͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅ8̸̨̨̢̡̢̡̛̛̛̥̼͔̞̝̼͇̯͕̰̫̠͎̳̖̰̞̘͇̞͎̺̜̥͉̩̞͕̳̠͚̪̮̲͈̩͚̫̩̙̺̼͚̜̼͚̼̩̼͎͎͓͍̦̱̗͉̺̫̖͚̳̲͉̱̜̭̹̲̖̲̹͓̬̬̣̲̪̥̻͍͖͈͖͊͗̑͗́̄̂̎̈́̀̇̀͊̌͆̃̅̄̾̿̿̃͆̄͗̓̒͆̓̓͒͐̈̀̈͑̃͑̏͗́̊̈́͒̐͑͐́̽̐̐̐͛̌̎͐̄͑̄̎͑̾͋̎̇̎́̇̾̂͒̚̕̚̕͘̕͘͘͜͜͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͠ͅͅͅͅt̸̡̢̧̨̢̨̨̧̡̧̡̨̧̧̨̡̡̢̨̧̢̨̧̡̡̛̛̛̖͇͚̜̗̬̰̮̖͎̺͙͚̼̱̼͍̜͈̟̣͖̦̦͍͚̻̹̬̪͖̳̣̙̭̰̼̗̝̪̗̪̖̠͎̟̺̟̲̜̜͙̦̜̙̖̩̲̞̘̩̦̘͓̯͔͔̲͎̣͙͔͓̫̯̻̗̘̺̭̞͚̮̫̮͙͔͚͉̬̳̻̺̜͓̦̹̩̼̦̲͙̘͇̹̼̳͈͚̖̰̞̰̪͙͇̹̝̠͉̞͚̗̜͔͚̻̳͙͔̞̱͔̙͖͕͓̻̖̫̳͕̪͚̫̜̹̤̪̣̹̪̦̼͖̖͉͔̟̹͕̣̱̙̫̠̹͉̳̻͈̜͓͇͕͖̱̙̜̺̥̪̥͚̲̮̙̦͓͉͈̟͙̫̟̘̼̱̝̣̞̥̩̬̱̮̙͚͙̙̪͇̝̹̲̩̟̝̟͚̙̮͓̖̹̫̼̟̳̣̣̞̯͖̗̻͖͖̥̻̼̻̜͑̍̾̿̇̉̈́̀̊͋̽̈́̍̅͌͑͌̊̒̑̄͐̒̀͂̓̂̾̓͑̅̔̔́̈̑̈̐̏̆̆̌́̃͋͌͊͗̒̅̑͛̄̄̎̎͛̌̔͆̏͑͒̐̂̂̅̊́̊̒̍̈͆̾͋̐̆̿͑̆͊̃̌́͒̑̐̄͗̄̽͘̕̕̕͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅg̵̢̨̧̛̛̛̞̤̟̦̳̫͉̝̠͇̟̥̳̻̳̻̮̲̤̗͚̞̝̣̼̩̦̦̘̼̘̮̲̣̝̝̩̟̙̗̹̞̻̦̩̹̮̹͉̰̝̱̻͌̊̓͂͒͒̉͌̔̋̽̀̑͑̂͂͋̾̅̓̿̔̂̈́̍͂̋̽̃̉͌̓̔̊͑̇̅̐̋̔̅̆͌͐̊̾̔̈̽̈́̓̑̒͗͆̽̒̂̆̽̏͑͛́͋̅̆̂͒̐̊́̐͒̏̈̾͋̈́̔̽̀̂̆͌̀̆͗̃͛͗͗̑̉̋̃̆̋̑̏̿̂̾̆̒͑̏̅̆͑̉̄̓̽̚̕͘̕͘͜͝͝͝͠͠͠͝͝͝͝͝͠͝ͅͅͅͅͅų̴̢̢̡̢̧̡̨̢̢̛̬̼̣̱̤̮̮͉̺̻̜̺̥̞̺͓̠͚̠̝̦̯̼̗̬̲̻̬̰̭̳̻̠̹̦̝̠̲̫̮͕̖̯̤̣͓̲̠̘̫̭̮͎͙̦̫̹̺͈͚̞͔̞͎̫̫͙̝̫̩̖̣̪̞̼͖̲͉̝̭̹̪̰̝͇̼̙̥̗̙͕͚̯̩͖̼̬̺̯̘͈̲̊͑͒̅͛͒̏̂͛̊́͗͗̂́̆͌͛́̒̀̇̌͒͛̉̒̈̑̎͑͑̆̀͗̌̈̔́͛̀͂̿̽́̓̈́̎̓͆̒͆̑́͋͂͊͋̍͑͋̎̅̃̾̆̎̀̕̕͘͘͘̚̚͜͜͝͝͠͠͠͝͝͝͝ͅg̵̨̨̢̧̡̢̢̧̧̨̡̨̨̢̢̢̢̛̯̰̜̳̲̱̘̲͕̳͉̭͇͚̣̲̜̤̙̹̰̫̲̞͚̬̭̲̦̳̖̘͎̫̺̗̼̤̘͖̙͓͍͙͕̱̘͚̭̠͔̯̜͇̩̣̹͕̼͓̲͈͕̱̣̠̖̩̰̥̤̣̘̘͙̥̠̪̮͔͖̙̜̤̪͙̝̹͚̲̦̺̺͕̤͎̠̼͉̳̩̤̟̫̬̞͍̟̞̖̭̬̬̥͖͓̥̝̳̟̬͉̣̙͕̻͉̝͙͓͔͙̥̻͓͔͕̫̗̗͖̲̳̗͍̦̲͚̩̠̘͓̙̠̩͖̞͉̬͎̳̳̝͚̣̭̯̥̣͓̘͔̬̱̣̳̙͈͉͉͙͙̞̺̯̠̩̝̳̝͓̳̺̘̭̺̩̜͚͙̫̳͉̯̯̜̣̠̰̗̳̹͈̟̠̻̹͇̰̩̲͕̳̞̺̀͊̑͆͒̈́̃̍͛́̃̓̅͛̽̀͒̽̃͊̑̂̿̊̅̆́̆̑͒͐̋̒͛̍̔̒̎͂́̃́̊͐̑̓̈́̄̚̕̕͘͜͜͜͜͜͠͠͝͝͝͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅä̷̢̧̨̡̢̢̨̢̨̨̧̨̨̢̧̧̡̡̛̛̛̛̻̮͎̰̰̖̼̖̘̳͕͕̮̩̳̫͇̳̲͍͕̖͚̖̩̮͖̙̫̗͎͚͕̫̳͍͔͖̳̯͔̝̰͕̟̥͖̦͍̫̤̰̮̯͖͖͔̮̫͈͔̤̣̺̻͎̗̙͈̘͕͍̞̜̬͙̝͚͕̞̺̘̙̝̭̥̘̝̫̲͙̭̯͇̻̳̫̮̱͍̟̜̮̮̖̤͇̟̞͍̻͖̬̖̩̺̼̝͉͕̬̞͕̹̙͍͙̻̝̺̥̤̭̟͔͈̰̜͈̤̭̝͈̰̠̼̘̥͉̦̱̭̜̜̞̦̞̥̻͚̺̥̟̟̟̣̣̘͍͎̯̲̖͚̤̱̝̝͇̥̹̘́̆̽͂́̇̑͌̍̑̒͗̓́̑̀̇͂̂̍̑̊̈̀̀̊̽̾́͂̀̾̒͒̊̐̈́̒̄̀͑̂̓͋́̈́̇͊̎̎̈͛͛̋̂̊̇̐̇͗̂͗͗̋̅̒͂̓̔̎̋͊̍́͐̾̃̔͊̀̍͛̚̕̕̚͘͘͜͜͜͜͠͠͝ͅͅͅͅą̷̛̛̛̛̛̘̱̣͍͕̤̤͆͋̃͋͋̍͌͛͛́͌͗̿̄̽́̄̒̂̾̈͊̑̽̿̆̅̐͛̎̓͌̍̈̒͑̊̆̿͌͌̎̑̑̔͑̃̂̈́͂̒͆͐̓͛̓̆̓̏̊̅͂̐̾̊̋̍̋͗͆̍̇͆͋̆̐̓͂̽͒̂̑͑̇͐͆͂͛́̂͑̽͑̅̊͑̈͐̽͆̒̏̊̑̆̿͂̈̾̃̇̆͗̐́̑͋̊̅͑̽̂̉̃̀̿̋͗̏̇̉̎̒̋̄̀̆̇̕͘̕̕̕̕͘͘̕̕͝͝͝͝͠͝͠͝͝͠͝͠͠ ̵̧̨̢̡̧̡̡̧̧̧̡̨̢̢̨̢̨̢̡̡̡̛̛̛̛̛̪̺͈̠͕̺͈͎̺͉̳̝̠̙̖̳͇͍̥͈͉͕͔̣̫͙̘̩̘̥̩͍͓̭͖͖̰̞͉̳̯͇̬͚͕̤̪̖̭͈̜̥͔̰̠̻͈̣͍̗̹̘̩̲̬̯̩̙̪̩̦͔̟̝̳͎̩̩̥͓̬̝̥̖̥̱͕̪͈̤͈͔̪̖̰̭̝̱̠̠̻̠̞̦̯̩̯̼͚̮͔͇̤̺͚̰͔̱̱̫͙̠͚̭̹̙͎͈͚̱̙̯̹͖̥̲̬̣͖̠͙̬̮͙̰̳̖̪͔̫͈̟͍̰̜̬̦͙͉̲͇̗͉͔͓̠̱̮̦̹͈̖̭̞̗͙̻͍̬̠̘̩̣̱̳̣̤̳̯͇̭̜̤̝̠̪̝͚̠͕̜͈͍̮͇͉̗̲͈̲̞̬̲̦͉̭̣̽̂̆̿͛̊̀̅͋́́̒͛̐͛͌̍̊͐̋̓̊͑̆̍́́̆͆͑̿̒̃̾̔̒͛̄̓̓̐̒͗͐͒̌̅̃͐̾͆̎̿͛̉̒̆̑̾̄̍̏̌̒͗̋̀͆̆͌̾́̀͌̈̏̓̇̐̃̃̽͒̊̐̾̂̈͌̃̊͑̀̽̒̿̓̀̃͗͗̾̀̋̒̏͑̑͊̊̍̆̀̎̎͛͑͛̊̿̏͒͒̋͒̈͛̽́̂͂͋̌͋͆͛̀̊͗͂̉͑͒̂̾̿̄̑̚̕̕͘͘̕̕̚̚͜͜͜͜͜͠͝͠͠͠͠͝͝͝͠͝ͅͅͅͅ

Social Media Comedian: My Story
I make comedic online content for my mysterious corporate benefactors, bound strictly by contract and under constant threat of corporal punishment if I do not produce. When I do not produce media sufficient to their standards I am severely lashed and made an example of publicly, because my pain and humiliation are greater than any form of entertainment that I could possibly conceptualize

Chappell Roan
I hate herrrrrr I hate her so muchhh

Meow
Meowwwww Meowy Meowy Meowwwww meow meow

Confession ok
ok i have to confess i just had this dream
that i kept saying cock ramdomnly replacing words for it in my sentences not as a joke or intentionally but a kind of freudian slip 
what does this mean

Re: long posts
yeah writing should be like pictures and not 1000 words ty

what is diva corp


motor department of city 2
they towed my car before i could even get the dumbass boot off it. they told me they towed it, while i was on the phone paying for the ticket, to get the boot off. they said "yeah, you'll need to go take a picture of the VIN, it's at this tow yard." 

tonight, on seven days to die, the video game i play because i am literal subhuman, i am going to mine every fucking road on the map until all that remains is strangely complex / human designed valleys. tomorrow morning, i am going to litter all over my street, because i am an upset manchild with no money. tomorrow evening, i will crawl like the idiot bug I am to the NYC Department of Finance Headquarters (66 John Street, New York, NY 10038) where parking administration is centrally processed and i will take a boltcutter my maintenance man left in our apartment and cheap ass Amazon hammer to the stairway doors/security gate/whatever the fuck, ratrace the proceeding 23 stories to the roof of this non-skyscraper LARP as a "tall building" worthless piece of architectural failure and then I will shit, fully shit, the dog iOS poo emoji, on the highest point of said architectural failure, even if it's on some overheating air conditioning unit that hasn't been replaced since the year of my birth, which is an ancient year.

my shit will be above them, they will have no idea, >>>>they<<<< will be beneath my own shit. an idiot rat bug subhuman man's shit. >>>>they<<<< should be named: NYC DOF, Robert Moses, Henry Barnes, Fiorello La Guardia, anyone who owns a portion of a road in the city of New York (a cruel place), the Traffic Violations Bureau, someone named Danis Rodriquez (who I think promotes bicycling in the city and pushes this fascist ass park ticketeting/towing/booting cruelty). they will smell shit for like, a day and i will be out, now ($1400) after towing fees. i am a cockroach.

New York is gay and sucks
Why would you do that to yourself? The “scene”?? Are you retarded or gay or both?

Welcome to City 17
You have chosen, or been chosen, to relocate to one of our finest remaining urban centers. I thought so much of City 17 that I elected to establish my Administration here, in the Citadel so thoughtfully provided by Our Benefactors. I have been proud to call City 17 my home. And so, whether you are here to stay, or passing through on your way to parts unknown, welcome to City 17. It’s safer here.

50/50
How many of the men on this forum believe in going 50/50 and what is your reason for it I’m jusr curious

Yea
What she said

TFW
You don’t make the Instagram…

Re: all of your shitty little “the scene sucks” posts
Obviously, it’s cope to feel this way. I don’t even know why you would even share this sentiment as some sort of observer, but it’s obvious that people with misgivings about the LA x NYC creative-industrial complex have some sort of tangential relationship to it or would like to. This isn’t to say you aren’t a good artist or lack talent (but who am I to say). You’re just not 1) making anything that makes anybody any money or 2) making anything that (((anyone))) would want to supplement their mutable personalities around, but I think that’s okay. I don’t think you should come into this space with the goal of achieving success by making something that comes from the heart. My favorite artists across all mediums who put their entire being into creating beautiful works will not be recognized by culture at large in this lifetime or the next. I’ve always thought the purpose of beautiful art was to share with your primary audience which should consist of your family and friends. The the goal of the most visible people in the scene is wealth generation. Study scale-free networks.  I just want to say if you “hate the scene” and think everyone’s a “gay retard” maybe you should stop hanging out with people who make you feel bad about yourself? Maybe you should get that masters degree you often think about. Maybe you should focus more on cultivating your personal life as a harbor of serenity instead of seeking validation from others who don’t even know your last name.

Re: all of your shitty little “the scene sucks” posts
Obviously, it’s cope to feel this way. I don’t even know why you would even share this sentiment as some sort of observer, but it’s obvious that people with misgivings about the LA x NYC creative-industrial complex have some sort of tangential relationship to it or would like to. This isn’t to say you aren’t a good artist or lack talent (but who am I to say). You’re just not 1) making anything that makes anybody any money or 2) making anything that (((anyone))) would want to supplement their mutable personalities around, but I think that’s okay. I don’t think you should come into this space with the goal of achieving success by making something that comes from the heart. My favorite artists across all mediums who put their entire being into creating beautiful works will not be recognized by culture at large in this lifetime or the next. I’ve always thought the purpose of beautiful art was to share with your primary audience which should consist of your family and friends. The the goal of the most visible people in the scene is wealth generation. Study scale-free networks.  I just want to say if you “hate the scene” and think everyone’s a “gay retard” maybe you should stop hanging out with people who make you feel bad about yourself? Maybe you should get that masters degree you often think about. Maybe you should focus more on cultivating your personal life as a harbor of serenity instead of seeking validation from others who don’t even know your last name.

how do i become more spiteful
i'm like quite content and rather easygoing. actually, i think i'm more tolerant than most people and can be rather forgiving if the offense can be forgiven. so then i see all this vitriol around me and ask myself, what am i missing out on? i am thankful to have made no enemies and i wish to keep it that way. please, i ask that no one tries to incite my wrath and have a good day!

Thank You
Thank you so much Spite Magazine! I used to post an average of 30 close friends stories a day, leaving my 74 begrudging close friends followers to all slowly begin to hate me maybe. Now, with the freedom to post on Spite.fr, the story count has gone down to about 5 a day! I've finally ascended

Cheers
Cheers to that!

Re re re: scene sucks counterposter
Shut up

Re: Re re re scene sucks counterposter
Found the failed creative

Re tfw you dont make the instagram
Get yo funny up bro this is a hahacracy not a democracy

Bag
Bag of clowns

Re Bag
That’s all of u

Re: Found the failed creative
I would never want to be like you. I hate artists and I would never even want to be one in the first place. You people are disgusting self felating retards. I’ve worked for artists and had success in the art world, more success than you could actually ever fathom. Seriously. Not joking. It’s a disgusting world and everyone who’s in it is going to hell.

my boyfriend
my boyfriend said he will stop feeding me vyvanse if i don't stop being a bitch

they're all just saying shit
it's all a joke or maybe it's not or maybe it's somehow a joke but also not and thus very sincere but still some kind of provocation but also entirely funded by Thielbux(tm) but also a deeply felt investigation into this, that and also them and those and they're fascist in the lapsed catholic way but it's also very important to stay NICE, SINCERE and REAL

catholic converts kill yourselves
catholic converts kill yourselves

Re: New york is gay
as a gay retard, the new york scene is my garden of eden

To our overlord so.trusted
We are all just trying to get posted on the IG but completely at the whim of our overlord - the dude who created this site. Some of the submissions are funny af and haven’t been posted on ig bc overlord has favorites or maybe different sense of humor it’s unclear. Anyways spite is making me more spiteful

Re: To our overlord
The glazing needs to stop

i predict tokidoki will come back into style


Slime Drama
My mom keeps talking about 9/11 but I just wanna play with my slime

Re to our overlord
Which ones did you think were funny that i didnt post

Re Tokidoki
Tokidoki person you are so right

we need spite but only for girls
this website was fun for a second but I feel like there’s too many men here, we need a version of spite that only allows post that are written in a feminine voice.

Link in my bio
i made $750 directly to my CashApp just by playing games and answering surveys click the link in my bio to get rich quick

reality is beautiful
filters are harmful

u blew it
thanks guys now the only way to get on the ig is  gonna be to say u wanna fuck admin or call him our lord or whatever

u blew it
thanks guys now the only way to get on the ig is  gonna be to say u wanna fuck admin or call him our lord or whatever

help
my friend is trying to break into this old computer gifted by his grandmother what do we think the password is based on the available information

i didnt even know there was an instagram
i’m just having fun because my heart is pure. don’t take yourselves too seriously or else you will lose your grand and intoxicating innocence

Depends
Is the spite website on french google ? I am Liz Smith’s ghost.

Depends
Is the spite website on french google ? I am Liz Smith’s ghost.

nostalgia
this website brings me back to a time when the internet didn’t feel so small and everybody was truly a stranger.. longing for the forum days..

coughed up a tonsil stone yesterday
absolutely disgusting i hate inhabiting a human body

any fellow gen x remember OK Soda
marketing will never be this good again.

Spite AMA: Judith Miller ❤️🇺🇸
Hello, Spite! I'm Judith Miller, a journalist and author known for my work at The New York Times and my coverage of national security, terrorism, and foreign affairs. I’ve had the privilege of reporting from the front lines of major global events and have authored several books on issues related to government transparency and media ethics. I’m excited to answer your questions about my career, the challenges of journalism in today’s world, and my experiences covering events like the Iraq War and 9/11. Join me for this AMA and ask me anything about my work, the journalism industry, or my thoughts on the evolving media landscape! I'll be here all day!

There’s this thing that I think that I do
Deep down I’ve always had an inkling that this was a thing that I did, but it felt like a corner of me so dark I was aloud to pretend I couldn’t see its looming form

I think I do this thing were I will relay a situation as if someone else did it/it happened to me (instead of me doing it to them).. like to use the person I’m talking to as a gauge or indicator on what I did/said to see if it was like, bad or somthing (or slutty or annoying or privileged etc). I think I’m naturally an honest and moral person, but I do this constantly.. like more than I’m willing to realize. It’s defensive and cheap and probably very obvious when it’s happening. It feels like my fatal flaw that’s just hard enough to put into words that I rarely get called out for it -Oh god but when I do- But when I do, I double down and force it into reality to a point were even I forget where the lie ends and begins..

But it doesn’t even feel like lying, more like a person that is dirty and smirking and sexy and getting away with it.. Like it’s looking me dead in the eyes knowing I’m going to keep looking away.. or maybe that’s just like.. the general feeling of shame

help save derpy
brohoof /)

Re: Judith Miller
Go fuck yourself bitch

Awaken
Goronic Energy Waves permeate your brain feed

The Problem with being an “Artist”
God was the original artist. He created us. You create in his image but your work serves to satisfy you, not him. Change that and your work improves.

The Dry Cleaners
I have been wasting away, sitting on this stool playing on my phone for the past 2 years. I know all of the faces that come and go, the ones I hate and the ones that blow. I would love to blow a few of their heads off, yet I suffice by putting pens in pockets and throwing loose socks in the trash that come my way. It’s interesting to me that at such a small position I can really ruin someone’s day, you get your dry cleaning, yet someone cut holes in your pockets, the stain you pointed out is still there, and you are still missing your Jewish tablecloth. There’s no one to point a finger at, it couldn’t be me! Why would you suspect me ? It must have gotten ripped in the machine. To gaslight someone on their own clothes is such a thrill.

I think he f the poor monkey


found someone’s dream on the street


şıllık şıllık
rotschild family pays good money to their elite assassins to come into my room at night and steal all my lighters so that i get paranoid and blame my family members for my missing lighters because a broken family is the only way they can keep me down.

The seeming lack of conscious awareness in other people
As I age further into maturity, there’s one thing that has been a consistent observation: through the shuffling off of nearly every possible ideological position (some several times over), I’ve realized  

you assholes must really hate each other to submit these posts.

Need support from you messy b*tches
I see you, editor and creator of spite, and you too, the unwashed masses gathered here; I run an anonymous Instagram account called @couple.fights and to see the messiness you all have managed to cook up for yourselves in under a week is a thing of beauty and leads me to believe that many of you might in fact enjoy my page, which is by haters and for haters, and that you additionally and more importantly may have screenshots to submit for my ends. Just you and your partner going at it. It’s cathartic for all parties involved. I post fights and the more confusing and esoteric the better. You tore into **** for eating your leftovers which you were very much looking forward to on top of the fact that **** refuses to put the toilet seat down despite your numerous reminders? I want to show the world. And for what it’s worth I’m militant about taking out identifying details. If you post this to Instagram tag me but you won’t, coward.

Re: The seeming lack
Yea and I especially hate you

This is too much to handle
It’s serving the intended purpose. You’re all winning with flying colors. You probably deserve an award… but you won’t get one. You’ll never get an award for anything. No recognition, no clout, no praise, no thanks. What congratulatory placations you do receive are nothing but falsehoods. Lies meant to humor you, from people who don’t care. This whole scheme is designed to foster spite and division. It’s in the name, it’s not a joke. This is performance art and you’re all the subjects. Obsessed with vanity, self-fellating, having the correct understanding of something nobody else could possibly grasp, because you’re right. You’re one of the good ones. Why don’t you look in the mirror once in awhile. Is it everything you’ve ever wanted, and more? To be recognized? To be seen? Posted to the Instagram? Your internet microcelebrity overlord’s praise and recognition? This is a game to you, another play at advancing your status as one of the hip kids on the scene. You make me sick. There is no humility here, but it’s very human. The only thing that matters is your legacy, your self-indulgence, and your sin that will never be eaten. It is yours. It’s not original, it’s not funny, it’s not artistic, and it’s pathetic. You are evil scum.

the jewish population
there’s so many here i really can’t stand it. every time i walk outside there’s some dumbass motherfuckers with their stupid little hair condoms on. this is the exact reason why i started up the long island kkk. i own a store and they’re always haggling, how about i haggle your burnt ancestors into a smaller urn.

Evil Scum
When you’re not busy hating each other you’re busy sucking each others dicks and calling it art

Re: This is too much
I think we should start calling the long posters longfags

I hate Boobs
Love penis and not vagina like men cause im gay

Big Warlord at gym
Saw a big warlord at the gym

Big Warlord at gym
Saw a big warlord at the gym

What will set spite apart?
(Seemingly) unmoderated web forum type sites like this, if having no topical link, already operate through the desire to spite, to vent, to shoot without being shot. Is this idea that this just caters to a group of (for now) young adult people linked or aware of metropolitan “lit” culture? And if that’s the case couldn’t our spite at least be more pointed? Do any of you do anything else other than roll your eyes when you look through this? I will admit I check it often and I’m curious about it, but I don’t know how long that’ll last. Does it not leave everyone else wanting more?

Re: big warlord
Instant classic spost

Re: What will set spite apart
Me posting on it

Re: the jewish population
we live rent free in your head how does it feel

Re: This is too much
You sound like every other hater on this site. Please rewrite this but add in some indication self awareness at least. As long as you’re spending your precious time on the earth posting here, you’re really no different than all these people you describe.

Erm these people are freaking ... *gulp*
Me when I'm antisemitic in my message board post trying to dispel the idea that I am some kind of

EVIL GUY


Ran off on the plug twice


Spite got me thinking about SOCIETY
Right and wrong. Dumb and hot. Old vs new. Should speech be free and shit like that. Are people idiots or geniuses

Honeydew
Had a bite of honeydew that changed my perspective on melons ENTIRELY. Perfect crunchy delectable snap. My body slowed down and listened for every bite. The squash-like aftertaste bubbling on my tongue. Still thinking of those sweet sopping wet chews. The goal is to be a mess with fruit. Go rabid. Scarf it down with anger or lust. Then, come-to, laughing at the sticky clarity of sugar hardening across your face. Sure fruit enjoyment is seasonal and relative. But, in America? Where produce’s first steps are on a Maersk cargo container… this perfect honeydew, a grocer’s miracle, it destroyed my misanthropy. I need to kiss a baby. Glue our cheeks together with my sugarcoated face.

how long before this site gets overrun by hate
it’s only a matter of time

i hate working
it’s boring and sucks but i need money

To the Jew hater
This you?

My Problem? Acid Reflux
I yearn for relief

People on Spite
All of you Re. Posters are Re.tarded

THE REASON I WRITE FOR SPITE
i want to see the spite counter go up

does spite offer paid positions
also lmk if anyone has a bushwick sublet xx

şıllık
Then im  a şıllık  rubbıng  against the Flowers  :) )

It’s all fuck israel until someone says gas chamber


Facefagging on spite is tacky


Addiction
The smoke shop a one stop shop for me, get me a Geekbar, Preroll, some Kratom Black, a Faygo and lunchables for dinner. Life ain’t getting better.

Re: People on spite


BroLove.org
Alright, listen up, folks! I got an idea for an online periodical that’ll make “Spite.fr” look like a bad sci-fi movie! Instead of spreading hate and guilt, let’s call it “BroLove.org”! You know, I’m talkin’ about a place where we spread good vibes and give everybody a high-five instead of a backhanded compliment! 

Now, let me tell ya something—life’s tough enough without worrying about who’s offended. I mean, I get no respect in my life! But with “BroLove.org”, we’re all about respect, support, and positive vibes—like a hug from your weird uncle at a family reunion! 

The articles? Forget about tearing each other down! We’ll feature tips on how to compliment your neighbor’s garden instead of sneering at it. “Hey, Mrs. Thompson, nice daisies! You must have used the good fertilizer this time!” And the headlines—who needs anger? How about “10 Ways to Lift Each Other Up: Because We’re Better Together”? 

And let’s have a section for stories about kindness! Forget the drama; let’s celebrate the good times. “A Local Hero: Joe Returns Lost Dog to Grateful Family” instead of “Susan Blames Karen for Not Recycling!" 

We’ll dedicate a part of the site to sharing your own “Acts of Bro-love”—like the time I bought coffee for the guy behind me in line, only to find out he was my dentist! Now that’s a win-win, folks! 

So let’s put “BroLove.org” out there! Because we need more love, less spite! And who knows, maybe I’ll finally get some respect… or at least a decent cup of coffee without a dental bill attached! What do ya say?

izmirliler bunu da gatekeepliyor
gevrek çiğdem  ok ama pet şişe bonga  da IZMIR USULU denmez ohannes vay babayin :)

corn nuts ranch
It is impossible for me to eat some of these without eating the whole bag. Never been a ranch person but they dont even taste like ranch. they taste like a five diamond meal almost southeast asian with the spice mix they have umami. i am becoming cornfed. They are breeding a corn pone right smack in the middle of los angeles

iTs aLl fUcK iSrAeL uNtIL sOmEoNe sAyS gAS cHaMbEr
Your mom hit u in the head so many times now you have brain rot. Find something better to write about you low iq mongoloid

That’s not how brain rot works


Girl in my class
How do I talk to this girl that sits in front of me in my eng102 class????

Girl in my class
How do I talk to this girl that sits in front of me in my eng102 class????

where did all these greek anons come from


You’re right it’s not brainrot
U have holes in your brain tho

Re: girl in my class
say hi

Imagine falling for obvious bait like this
Cortigroid

Re. Re. Girl in my class
Yeah but she’s in front of me and the class is quiet. I feel that going up to someone after class is weird now

My fuckin problem?
Here’s my fuckin proglem. I will devour the goat with my fists.

Re: re: re:
Go up to her after class and say hi and that you want to get her a coffee sometime and hang out. Shoot your shot. She might really appreciate it.

no


Who’s that fat cow with the dumb shirt on


Re: Fat cow
I have no clue, disgusting though

Will anything be deleted off of spite ?


too many men on this site
its disgusting

Re: Too many men
Ok go back to Instagram then

I'm the guy who bankrolled this project
Basically we're collecting all of your IP addresses and sending them to various private intelligence groups and thinktanks to blacklist all of you from ever working in any industry.
Have a nice day!

Positivity for a change
This is a great site and even the coal posts make it memorable. So.Trusted did a really great job and it’s been incredibly enjoyable for me to be on this all day, I hope it continues to last.

he thinks he’s a God
he’s everything i thought i wanted. but i dont think he cares about other people. he can act like he does, sure, but its just that— an act. when he’s alone with me, i can see it in his eyes and the way he talks about his friends. he doesn’t respect people. is this what happens to all you dimes square faggots?

To the person who posted about Honeydew:
Honeydew is awesome. But my favorite melon is cantaloupe. That jawnt crank bruh. Honeydew good as fuck but it ain’t got shit on that orange motherfuckin fruit.. shit poppin off

Re: He thinks he’s a God
Clout chasers when they finally get the clout and implode in their own arrogance

Boruto dumb as fuck
Series should have just ended wit Naruto becoming hokage

Re: Re: Found the failed creative
>I would never want to be like you >had more success in the art world than you could ever actually fathom >not joking— lmao sounds like you got fucked buddy. Everyone glazes the art world until they fall off and it makes sense that that post made the IG. The admins on here only like posts that are like “fuck the scene” or “fuck the coasties” or some other liberal dog whistle detritus because this site literally exists as a result of the admins themselves getting fucked over by a more influential and successful creative. You all have spite instead of love in your hearts because your dreams have prolapsed. Get well soon xx

Hunger
Family very poor, little money in country with war .. please contact for donate. I.n need of help

The admin is a coastie you drooling retard
One day you’ll realize they were using you too 
I pity you

re: re: too many men
no

glp1_diary
Non-obese people hate an GLP-I users for the
same reasons some men hated on the Barbie movie... it's not for them and they're not used to being excluded.

The admin is spiritually not a coastie
I’m not sure what he is tbh

My manager is a fucking asshole retard
He says stupid ass retrospective bullshit comments instead of saying anything productive or constructive. Corporate jabronis have gotten much too comfortable with speaking to everyone with disrespect and they gotta be smacked. This is how I look at this guy everytime he insults me to my face

Looking for a hot young brunette to talk with
Must like writing and films and limoncello and brandy Melville must fit loose on you and have beautiful delicate feet and taste for nice clothing

thyroid
my good friend phong do made me give her 200 dollars for her thyroid cancer treatment. i want to stab the bitch

I’m going to hack this website
Give me a few days. I am going to hack this website and leak all of everyone’s information to the federal government. This is a threat. I get horny doing shit like this

This fucking homer fetus penis keeps showing up in my dreams
This image keeps popping up in my dreams when I tried to look it up I couldn’t find anything so I drew it in MS paint and posted it online. I hate it lol I get to horny and cumnwhen I see him :), RP on discord??? Add me @ SuperOtherGuy#07263

I forgoddd to post the pincturee :)
It’s me super other guy posting picture see my spite belwo

Not straight anymore
On the way to Tokyo A man sucked my dick He made me hold his hair Because It was Shoulder Length

Harrasment
Dopey ass goon Id’d me, later saw someone else unrelated i follow on X refer to him as a tweaker, but didn’t seem like a tweaker to me, about my age (32 almost 33) more tan, ab 5’8, normal physique, turned around to speak to some rats i heard chirping in this house two houses down that always has mad garbage out, i was having a goofy morning already (bluetooth went out on my work comp overnight; spent way too long (an hr) fighting w the connection to get it back) and dude blurts out the most obscene stuff, like he’d been watching for me, waiting, and this discrete little look back was the moment to shine; guess he assumed the rats i was talking to were him, didn’t even notice notice guy out of my peripheral, Im usually more locked in than that, but as I said, was a weird morning already, and I said to myself “I need more coffee” which is abnormal since I already had 1 at home and usually dont have another until after eating, and he comes by out the blurry side of my vision after i got the little coffee at the hipster place that opened not long ago, hes from this place, he said, i protect the neighborhood from faggots like u, stunned tbh i stopped on my porch looking down at him he still walked by at that ridiculous pace and we made eye contact, strong eye contact and he said “Im a real life Batman; vigilante shit” and i was like deadass this guy knows where i live why tf he target me like that, talking ab “burn the lgbt”, Im a normal dude dont really present like that..maybe he is a tweaker but didn’t feel like that, feel like Bro’s watching/taking an interest in my posture. Anyway should prob get a bat and pepper spray for the GF; physically kinda F’d up rn and will prob need weapons to keep dude at bay if he ever decides to release. Not gonna be unable to recognize his Face and look at if I see him again if hes not walking too fast. Pussy. Pic related

no hot muscular male artists
Why are all artists skinny twinks or short. Get a gym membership, start fighting, . a frail skinny model dj artist barista will not be able to support the beauty of a woman. kill youself or be gay

wait
i miss the long posts now this is all just homer fetus this and jews that, more paragraph of attempted prose please

Be fr
Burning man looks awesome

are there any other bisexuals with carpal tunnel out there?
feeling alone, misunderstood

Chuy
Chuy siempre fue known as "El Loco" en el barrio. Las voces en su cabeza never shut up, telling him crazy cosas about aliens y government conspiracies. Life was a constant struggle, man.

One day, su primo Flaco came over con una bolsita de mota. "Ey, Chuy," he said, "try this yerba. Te va a calm down, ese."

At first, Chuy was skeptical. "Nah, homes, I don't need más problems," he protested. But Flaco insisted, "Trust me, carnal. Just una probadita."

Reluctantly, Chuy took a hit. As the smoke filled his lungs, something extraño happened. The voces... they started to fade. For the first time en años, Chuy felt... tranquilo.

"Órale," he whispered, his eyes wide with asombro. "This shit is... chingón."

From ese día on, Chuy found a new peace. The mota didn't cure his schizophrenia, pero it made life más bearable. He still heard voices, but now they were más like distant whispers than screaming chismosos.

"Maybe I'm still loco," Chuy thought to himself one evening, watching the sunset and taking a hit. "But at least now, estoy loco... y contento."

He knows
He knows who you are. If you click the link in his bio. It logs your user name. Fuck that failed artist guy

You heard what they said
Lets get some prose going chat

Here’s your prose
On the left side of my desk
My little brother and I sit on a bench
Both of us holding fishing poles
Our backs facing the camera
Him looking up toward me
If I had known then what I do now
I would’ve been a better brother

Never Friends with GFs Dads
I feel cheated and inadequate because I've never formed a bond with the fathers of any of the women I've dated. Will I ever be a trusted Son-In-Law? Will I ever be invited to fishing trips? Will I ever vindicate Freud by being exactly like her father? 

I'll have to settle for being the guy her mother liked enough that she brings me up in front of her new, better fiancé.

Re: He knows
I never clicked the link in bio so he doesn’t, plus you’re still a failed artist

Re: He knows
I never clicked the link in bio so he doesn’t, plus you’re still a failed artist

the existence of a network of tunnels
connecting nearly identical homes in the hollywood hills created during the masonic era, rediscovered to speed the movement of laborers, women and equipment between them, in the years when the roads of the flatland had become increasingly paralyzed by civil unrest and police checkpoints, and to house and safeguard growing quantities of contraband networking technology and systems, cryptocurrency mining rigs, proxy servers, streaming and hot farms, whose unpermitted use had become associated with Chinese infiltration

Re: Re He Knows
Replying to the wrong person retard, also I never failed.

Rapidly Becoming More™️ Annoying™️
I'm an Angel Number guy now. I like when there's three of a number :^) I love  having the same internal life as a destitute eastern european atheist drunkard but still pretending I'm connected to The Universe/God :^)

i just felt that
under ALLAH i m a speckle

808s and 1942 loud like an LRAD
Getting back with your ex is like drinking water out of a fire hose
I get thrned on when I think about skateboarding

Re: 808s and 1942
Best post on here yet

Happy Birthday
Eleven fifty-nine
Almost time, one more minute to go
I can hardly wait, in this state, don't my feelings show
All we gotta do, me and you, see it through, when we do
What a big surprise l've got for you
Then I am gonna do, things to you, l've never done before
When you're old enough, ha, I do my stuff, till you beg for more
Now the time has come, have your fun, bang you come, give me some
Look out birthday baby, here I come

Re: hi
im not Re: 
see u bye o.))

Someone make their GF post here
C'mon bro, please. Make her post experimental poetry or something about how often you forget to flush. 

 It won't even be the 20th most annoying thing you'll impose on her this week.

Sagging my pants until my ass shoe
I sag my pants until my ass shows
Yes I am an asshole. See you can’t stop me cause I’m gonna brainwash teens and create false dreams because it pays off clean. This industry is all screwed up.
I have no favorite writer because all you suck.
You parents hate me cause I love you.

Lately I’ve been fucking pissed off because everybody says Peter Vack spits raw.
I’ll start a big brawl and smash his ass into a brick wall and make a fat nigga sit on him,
Charley Shealey!
I’m probably the sickest motherfucker that don’t get recognized. I’m ducking dope and this is my reward?
Hollywood ass writers… bitch ass females… it’s enough to make a nigga flip…

money pits
me and my baby bathing in money pits me and my baby burning money in a money pit mudwrestling for money in a mud pit with the misfits

It's happening
This is /b/ for guys who's lives peaked when they hooked up with a girl after a poetry reading

post post
ctually new york is a wonderful place with fun and interesting gay people snd lots gfood writers and such

unedited heartbreak
replaced by a dog person 
ugh
It took one month 
I leave for nine months?
Nothing 
but one odd month
I’m sick 
I wish to at least be friends
while he runs off on his honeymoon
I can’t believe she might be in this bed
in my spot 
replace my imprint on this room with hers
so quickly years of companionship are gone
four years and a coworker got him
what does he expect to do
move in with her eventually?
always took that job way to serious
she’s got career aspirations, will he just follow along?
and the lies 
I can’t believe he lied about seeing her
falling for another I could somehow justify 
I mean chemistry is chemistry 
but the lies?
you already told me the worst parts, just be honest about the rest at this point 
meet up at the park for three hours with her?
just be honest, I can’t stop you
what was it, car sex?
and then just to come home evidently guilty 
and lie point blank 
I think I’m going a little insane 
getting a little obsessed 
I just hate that he might be telling her everything 
everything we share is no longer ours
she’s gotta know now
our private world is exposed 
I feel exposed 
she said he's the least misogynistic man she knows
what does she care of other women
she expressed her lack of concern when she confessed to him
not really a girls girl methinks

everything contemporary kinda really sucks
when I see something hyped up by the same group of losers if it has any creative merit it is just a bad simulacrum. 
NYC IS CANCER 
The sun is out, the diseased concrete is blistering and hollow (it groans).
combustions of activity accelerate the decay. I have a sense earth has a desire to engulf me along with the rest of the pedestrians. The smell is putrid, I look to the sky, hoping for a meteor, a nuclear catastrophe erasing this place. I wonder if the Earth would breathe a sigh of relief .

Please pray for my father


Your use of simulacrum is pretentious. Write for people who can’t read


WRITING FOR PEOPLE WHO CANT READ
FEEL THE GROUND RUMBLE AND SHAKE?
HEAR THE HISSING HOMELESS QUEER THREATEN TO STAB YOU? 
NO NONE OF IT IS SCARY! 
ALL OF THIS IS NATURAL 
READY TO GO BALLISTIC 
DIE IN A DISEASED PUDDLE! 
DEATH ALLUDES YOU! 
EAT ROASTED RATS AND DRINK POISEN

Actually writing for people who can’t read.
I went for a drive by the water today
As the sun blasts against
I see you
My friend
Gone now
I will see you again.

Actually
Everyone on here writes in a feminine voice. Except

OCD 2
I know your Dad cheated. He told me when we were watching train videos on the television. He told me he doesn't want to be vegan anymore. He said he hates his shit job. He wants to be in love again. I know your Mother doesn't love him because she only loves you. I was defending you in the kitchen when you were asleep and I said you were troubled but you have a big small heart. I told your Mother I want to take drugs again and two years later I did. When it was lockdown I ate so many fucking chicken nuggets and when you came over I hid them in the neighbour's freezer so you wouldn't find them. But you found some valiums in a plastic baggie and I told the worst lie of all time and you believed me. I didn't judge your Sister when she cried in the bathroom like a baby at age 26 because someone said her boyfriend was a drug addict. I didn't judge her boyfriend, I judged myself. So when there was two weeks I wouldn't see you, I cut a line into my stomach and let it fade before you saw me again. You never noticed. You didn't think about why my recently watched movies on Netflix were pathetic romcoms where I lived another life. I was Sad Ben Affleck but there was no paparazzi. I felt like I lived inside of a head lock. You had OCD and you said you couldn't stop thinking about fucking your Dad. Our friend committed suicide. I fell asleep for three days. Your cat drooled on my sweater. I passed out in the X-ray department. 

When it ended, I thought everyone hated me. It was worse than that, no one remembered me. I saw your Dad on the train with another woman. When he saw me, he walked straight up to my face and said "You don't have a fucking leg to stand on." I said "Yeh, I know" and ate my chicken nuggets.

Poem
You were brilliant

girl posting
spite wants more girls to post, he's asking so much of me i don't have the capacity to handle this. my email job is overwhelming. i must post for spite. i must tell spite my hopes and dreams. dear spite, i had a dream once i was a baby sitter for the soprano family. tony let me suck his dick on the low low. i got to drive around in the cadillac and take puffs on his his cigar.  is this enough spite? are you listening to me? SPITE CAN YOU EVEN HEAR ME?

GET IT TOGETHER
You Bushwick hoes reliant on Instagram for everything. Yall be on your insta stories like:
Can someone help me move out? Can someone help me build my couch?
Can someone dog sit for me? Can someone water my plants? Can you donate to my go fund me? Can you wipe my ass after I shit? I'll pay you in gratitude and 1 beer that I've had in the back of my fridge for 6 months 😍😍😍

Gutless Jelous Faggot
It don’t make sense
You dont

simz 2
my sim has been trapped in a room without a door for a whole year. walking into all 4 walls on loop. there’s a noise in my room. phone tells me i have autism. i love a guy with a girl friend. we've been having an affair the whole time i've been trapped in here. should i dm her and tell her? i want to get out of the room soon.

gay guy on twitter
cole. i know your gay. its ok.

TRUE STORY
El Chuy estaba cruising down Sunset Boulevard en su lowrider, feeling como un rey. Era Friday night y tenía ganas de un little action. 

De repente, vio a una mamacita fina parada en la corner. "Órale," pensó, "Tonight's my lucky night."

Chuy pulled over y le dijo, "Qué onda, chula? Wanna go for a ride?"

La mujer se subió al carro. "I'm Estrella," she purred. "Where we going, papi?"

Fueron a un motel barato. Pero cuando Chuy salió del baño, Estrella ya no estaba. Tampoco su wallet ni sus keys.

"¡Chale!" gritó Chuy. "That puta played me!"

Se sentó en la cama, sintiéndose como un pendejo. "Guess the joke's on me tonight," suspiró. "Ni modo. Lesson learned."

Y así el Chuy learned que en LA, you gotta stay on your toes - even with las mamacitas más finas.

I miss el Prado
:-(

Online
Online there are infographics that can teach you
How to live 
How to forget someone
And what you should be eating 
If you scroll long enough you’ll learn about 
The top ten signs you’re the problem 
And why god forgot about you 
And why your mom is drunk 
And maybe then you’ll be able to solve it all
Maybe then you’ll have the perfect answer for your intolerable situation 
Until then though
Keep scrolling

Chuy Eats Chicken Tacos Part 1
Chuy was un vato muy tranquilo from East L.A., just living his life, you know? He loved his familia, his lowrider, y sobre todo, his chicken tacos. Chuy tenía una rutina: cada viernes después del trabajo, he’d hit up the taco truck on la esquina, order his usual—three chicken tacos con extra salsa—and then head home to relax with some cold cervezas.

One Friday, algo raro pasó. Chuy was chilling en su sala, watching TV after devouring his tacos, cuando de repente, he felt something... odd. His eggplant, the one he was growing en el jardín out back, suddenly empezó a crecer. It was like, *whoosh*, it got big y duro, así nomás. 

Chuy scratched his head, *“¿Qué onda con esta madre?”* he thought. He went outside to check it out. Sure enough, the eggplant estaba enorme, mucho más grande y firme than it had been just a few hours earlier. Chuy se asustó un poco, pero trató de no pensar mucho en ello.

The next viernes, same thing happened. Chicken tacos, TV, y luego—¡bam!—his eggplant again, all big and hard. Chuy empezó a sospechar. Could it be los tacos? ¿Cómo es posible que unos tacos de pollo hagan esto?

He decided to do an experiment. The following Friday, he skipped the tacos and ordered a burrito de carne asada instead. After dinner, he went to check on the eggplant, y nada pasó. It was normal, no growth. Chuy’s corazón empezó a latir rápido, realizing the weird connection. 

The next week, back to the chicken tacos. Y como si fuera magia, the eggplant grew again. *“¡Chale!*” Chuy muttered, *“Esto no es normal, güey.”* He started to feel uneasy, like maybe those tacos were messing with his life in some strange, twisted way. 

Chuy stopped eating chicken tacos after that. But every time he saw that giant eggplant en el jardín, he felt a little disturbed. *“¿Qué fregados le ponen a esos tacos?”* he wondered. And though he loved chicken tacos more than almost anything, Chuy knew he couldn’t go back. The risk was too grande.

girl is morbid
sometime i love him so much i wanna crawl inside of him and eat his organs. i want him to tell me what i can eat, what i can wear, i want him to tell me i can exist. i want to force him to drink my period blood, so i can be apart of him. is that fucking weird? don't tell anyone, ok?

customer service
i bet a lot of u work in customer service

Chuy Chicken Tacos Part 2: Milky
Chuy había dejado de comer chicken tacos for a while, pero algo nuevo empezó a preocuparlo. Lately, he’d been sweating like crazy. No matter what, siempre estaba sudando como si hubiera corrido un maratón bajo el sol. En el trabajo, en casa, hasta cuando estaba dormido, Chuy felt like a walking sauna. *“¿Qué está pasando conmigo?”* he wondered, wiping his forehead for the millionth time.

One day, después de un largo día de trabajo, Chuy decidió que needed to do something about the sweating. *“Tengo que refrescarme,”* he thought. *“Ahorita mismo.”* So, he headed to the local market and bought a gallon of cold milk, hoping that would cool him down.

Chuy got home, poured himself a big glass of milk, and chugged it down. At first, it worked. The coolness ran down his throat, and he felt a wave of relief. *“Esto es lo que necesitaba,”* he sighed, finally feeling like he could relax.

Pero no duró mucho. Cuando Chuy went to check on his eggplant, he noticed something strange. The eggplant estaba shrinking, getting all soft and flabby like a deflated balloon. *“¡Chingao!”* Chuy exclaimed, realizing that the milk was messing with his prized vegetable. 

He was stuck in a bind. He needed the milk to stop sweating, but he couldn’t let his eggplant turn into mush. Then, se le ocurrió una idea: *“¿Y si mezclo los tacos de pollo con la leche?”* Maybe that way, he could stay cool without sacrificing the eggplant’s size and firmness.

So, the next day, Chuy bought some chicken tacos and a fresh gallon of milk. He threw the tacos in the blender with the milk, y aunque se veía medio raro, he drank it down in one go. The taste was… interesting, to say the least. But immediately, he noticed something amazing. He wasn’t sweating anymore, and when he checked on the eggplant, it was back to being big y duro, just like before.

Chuy was thrilled. *“¡Encontré la solución perfecta!”* he shouted, raising his glass of taco-flavored milk in victory. From that day on, every time he felt the sweat coming on, he’d whip up a batch of his special taco-milk blend. And while his friends thought he was loco when he told them about it, Chuy didn’t care. As long as his eggplant stayed firm and he stayed cool, life was good.

CHUY PART 3: THE ALIEN AND CHUY'S EGGPLANT
Una noche, Chuy estaba afuera en su jardín, revisando su famoso eggplant después de haber tomado su usual taco-milk blend. Todo parecía tranquilo, con la luna iluminando el cielo, cuando de repente, un rayo de luz lo envolvió. Chuy miró hacia arriba, y ahí estaba—a UFO hovering sobre su casa, with flashing lights y un sonido que hacía vibrar todo el barrio.

Antes de que pudiera reaccionar, un alien bajó del UFO, flotando en el aire. Era un ser extraño, con ojos grandes y un cuerpo resplandeciente, pero no parecía amenazante. Instead, it stared directamente at Chuy’s eggplant with a look of fascination.

*“Human,”* the alien spoke in un acento raro, *“I have traveled across galaxies because I have heard legends of your eggplant. It is said to be the most exquisite in the universe. I must have it.”*

Chuy took a step back, protective of his prized vegetable. *“Pues, no sé, vato. I worked hard to grow this eggplant. No quiero deshacerme de él así nomás.”*

The alien’s eyes flashed, and it extended a small, metallic device. *“In exchange, I offer you alien technology, secrets that could change your world. Imagine, Chuy, having the power to grow the finest crops, the ability to teleport anywhere, or even read minds. All this can be yours if you give me your eggplant.”*

Chuy hesitated. The offer was tempting, demasiado tentador. With that kind of technology, he could become rich, famous, or even a hero. He stared at the alien, then back at his eggplant. But something didn’t feel right. It was his eggplant, something he’d nurtured, algo especial.

*“No puedo hacerlo,”* Chuy finally said, shaking his head. *“This eggplant es parte de mí. No importa qué tecnología me ofrezcas, no te lo puedo dar.”*

The alien’s expression changed to one of disappointment, but then it smirked. *“Very well,”* it said, before pointing the device at Chuy. A bright light blinded him, and the next thing he knew, estaba dentro del UFO, unable to move. The alien hovered over his eggplant, its eyes glowing with hunger.

*“¡No, espera!”* Chuy shouted, but it was too late. The alien devoured the eggplant with a strange, slurping noise, savoring every bite. Chuy watched helplessly, his heart sinking as the alien finished, leaving nothing behind.

After what felt like an eternity, Chuy fue devuelto a su jardín, the UFO disappearing into the night sky. He looked around, hoping it had been just a bad dream, but when he saw the empty spot where his eggplant had been, reality hit him. The depression set in like a heavy weight on his chest. 

Chuy went inside, trying to comfort himself the only way he knew how—by making some chicken tacos. But when he took a bite, they didn’t taste the same. The flavor was off, the satisfaction gone. Without his eggplant, nada tenía sentido. He pushed the plate away, his appetite lost, as he sat there, wondering cómo iba a seguir adelante without the one thing that had brought him joy.

The night was quiet, but inside Chuy’s heart, there was only a deep, echoing emptiness.

sleepytime
getting into bed with fresh clean sheets nd a fresh clean blankie with lover and cat nothing at all like it & after a quick cuppa to wind down with my good friend Celestial Seasonings Sleepytime Tea bear everybody knows and loves him but i know and love him better & the most :o)

CHUY PART 4
CHUY NO PODÍA OLVIDAR LO QUE EL ALIEN LE HABÍA HECHO. CADA VEZ QUE MIRABA EL ESPACIO VACÍO EN SU JARDÍN, EL CORAJE CRECÍA MÁS Y MÁS. ASÍ QUE UN DÍA, DECIDIÓ QUE ERA HORA DE VENGARSE. *“NO SE VA A QUEDAR ASÍ, ESE CABRÓN,”* CHUY DIJO EN VOZ ALTA, SUS OJOS BRILLANDO CON DETERMINACIÓN.

CHUY SE LAS ARREGLÓ PARA CONTRABANDEAR UN RAYO TRACTOR Y UN PEQUEÑO UFO DE SEGUNDA MANO DE UN VATO QUE CONOCÍA EN EL MERCADO NEGRO DE LOS ÁNGELES. NO SABÍA EXACTAMENTE CÓMO FUNCIONABA, PERO CON LA FURIA DE UN CHICANO QUE HABÍA PERDIDO SU EGGPLANT, LO APRENDIÓ RÁPIDO. SE SUBIÓ AL UFO Y VOLÓ HACIA EL ESPACIO, CRUZANDO GALAXIAS HASTA LLEGAR AL PLANETA DEL ALIEN.

CUANDO CHUY ATERRIZÓ, LOS ALIENS SALIERON A RECIBIRLO, PERO NO SABÍAN LO QUE SE LES VENÍA ENCIMA. CHUY, CON UNA SONRISA CRUEL EN LA CARA, SALIÓ DEL UFO Y SE DIRIGIÓ A LOS CAMPOS DONDE CRECÍAN LOS EGGPLANTS DEL PLANETA. ERAN GIGANTES Y ABUNDANTES, PERO ESO NO LO DETUVO. SIN PENSAR DOS VECES, CHUY EMPEZÓ A ARRANCARLOS Y COMÉRSELOS UNO POR UNO, MIENTRAS LOS ALIENS MIRABAN CON HORROR.

*“¿QUÉ ONDA? ¡ESTO ES POR MI EGGPLANT!”* GRITÓ CHUY ENTRE MORDIDAS, CON LA BOCA LLENA DE EGGPLANT. LOS ALIENS TRATARON DE DETENERLO, PERO NADA FUNCIONÓ. CHUY ERA IMPLACABLE, Y PRONTO TODOS LOS EGGPLANTS DEL PLANETA HABÍAN DESAPARECIDO, DEVORADOS POR EL HUMANO FURIOSO.

LOS ALIENS EMPEZARON A TEMER A CHUY, VIÉNDOLO COMO UN MONSTRUO IMPARABLE. *“EL DEVORADOR DE EGGPLANTS,”* LO LLAMABAN EN SU IDIOMA ALIEN. NO PASÓ MUCHO TIEMPO ANTES DE QUE SE RINDIERAN ANTE ÉL, OFRECIÉNDOLE TODO LO QUE QUISIERA CON TAL DE QUE NO LOS ANIQUILARA.

CHUY APROVECHÓ LA SITUACIÓN. SE CORONÓ A SÍ MISMO COMO EL REY DEL PLANETA, TOMANDO A LAS MÁS BELLAS ALIENÍGENAS COMO SUS ESPOSAS Y CONCUBINAS. CADA DÍA LE SERVÍAN TACOS DE POLLO, Y CHUY LOS COMÍA MIENTRAS BEBÍA LA LECHE DE LAS ALIENÍGENAS, QUE TENÍA UN SABOR RARO PERO QUE LE DABA UNA ENERGÍA INCREÍBLE.

EL PLANETA SE CONVIRTIÓ EN EL REINO PERSONAL DE CHUY, Y ÉL ESTABA CONTENTO CON SU NUEVA VIDA. PERO A VECES, CUANDO ESTABA SOLO EN SU PALACIO ALIEN, SE ACORDABA DE SU EGGPLANT PERDIDO EN LA TIERRA. *“NO HAY NADA COMO MI EGGPLANT,”* PENSABA, UNA SOMBRA DE MELANCOLÍA CRUZANDO SU ROSTRO. PERO LUEGO, UNA DE SUS CONCUBINAS LE TRAÍA OTRO TACO DE POLLO, Y CHUY VOLVÍA A SONREÍR, CONTENTO DE HABER OBTENIDO SU VENGANZA Y DE GOBERNAR SOBRE LOS ALIENS QUE UNA VEZ SE ATREVIERON A CRUZARSE EN SU CAMINO.

Rib soup for writers


chuy part 4: downfall of chuy and the rise of salsa
Chuy was living la vida grande on the alien planet, surrounded by concubinas and eating chicken tacos every day. The guy had gone from being just a simple gardener in East L.A. to an intergalactic king, and he couldn’t see how things could ever change. But what Chuy didn’t know was that a new visitor was about to turn everything upside down.

One day, un UFO más pequeño landed on the planet. Out of the ship stepped none other than Marc Anthony, the famous cantante. The alienas, who were no longer so scared of Chuy, started murmuring and sighing. With his charming smile and melodious voice, Marc Anthony quickly stole all their hearts. The aliens couldn’t stop staring at him, totally mesmerized by his presence.

Marc Anthony wasn’t just good-looking; he was también muy carismático and quick to organize. Soon enough, the aliens started gathering in secret, planning a rebellion. *“Enough of Chuy and his tacos!”* they said. *“We want Marc Anthony as our leader and to learn how to dance salsa!”*

Chuy had no idea what was coming. One afternoon, while he was enjoying a chicken taco, he heard the shouts of the rebelling aliens. He opened his mouth to say something, but at that moment, he saw Marc Anthony, and the shock was so grande that he choked on his taco.

*“This can’t be happening!”* was the last thought Chuy had before he fell to the ground, unable to breathe. The aliens tried to help him, but it was too late. Chuy died, not from the rebelling aliens, but from the very taco he loved so much.

With Chuy out of the picture, Marc Anthony took control of the planet, but not as a tyrant. Instead, he introduced the aliens to salsa music, teaching them how to move to the rhythm with passion and style. The aliens became exceptional dancers, their steps so graceful that they rivaled the best dancers on Earth.

Soon, the aliens started feeling restless. *“This is fun, but we want more,”* they said. *“We want to go back to Earth and dance salsa with the humans.”* And so, with Marc Anthony leading the way, they prepared to travel back to Earth, looking for new dance partners and maybe, just maybe, to make peace with the world that was once Chuy’s home.

I closed 48 tabs just so this could load faster
I am only taking 4 shots of vodka to prove to myself and my friends and family that I’m not an alcoholic. I took two klonopin and and a adderall, adderall this morning. I have been so lonely since Omegle went down. I swear I wasn’t a pervert but I could riff off poetry to randos who appreciated it. Life is so boring though. ILY

Guisados in west wood
Best tacos I’ve ever had

Re: Cantaloupe guy
Honeydew fool here. Cantaloupe’s fire. More reliable. Definitely clapping my cheeks when I’m huffing that shit down. But the best honeydew is always better than the best cantaloupe sorry nothing can change my mind….but we haven’t even brought up watermelon

Eczema
How do you guys deal with it? I'm a girl

Spite went to shit
Just looks like 4chan/pumpfun but for ‘writers’
Pathetic

making and instagram where i post MY favorite posts from


Eggzema Girl
I recommend cortisone creams such as like this one I'm the oicture

i think my friends and i are the reason prado made it so you can’t drink outside anymore
and im living in fear every day that someone will find out

Re: spite went to shit
Creating a website where anyone can publish writing requires a structured approach to ensure the platform is user-friendly, secure, and effective. Here's a 10-step plan to guide you:

### 1. **Define the Purpose and Scope**
   - **Identify Goals:** Decide if the site is for general writing, specific genres, or a particular audience.
   - **Outline Features:** Consider user profiles, submission forms, peer reviews, and categorization.

### 2. **Research and Plan the Platform**
   - **Market Research:** Study existing platforms like Medium, Wattpad, or Blogger to understand their strengths and weaknesses.
   - **User Flow Design:** Map out how users will navigate the site, from sign-up to publishing.

### 3. **Choose the Right Technology Stack**
   - **Front-End:** Select frameworks like React, Vue.js, or Angular for an interactive user interface.
   - **Back-End:** Use Node.js, Django, or Ruby on Rails for server-side development.
   - **Database:** Choose a database like PostgreSQL or MongoDB for storing user data and content.

### 4. **Design the User Interface (UI)**
   - **Wireframes:** Create wireframes for key pages like the home page, submission forms, and user dashboards.
   - **UI/UX Design:** Focus on a clean, intuitive design that enhances the writing and reading experience.

### 5. **Develop User Authentication and Profiles**
   - **User Accounts:** Implement user registration and login features.
   - **Profile Management:** Allow users to create and manage profiles, showcasing their work.

### 6. **Build the Content Submission and Management System**
   - **Submission Forms:** Create simple, easy-to-use forms for writing submissions.
   - **Draft and Publish Options:** Enable users to save drafts and choose when to publish.
   - **Content Moderation:** Implement tools for reviewing content before it goes live, or set up community guidelines.

### 7. **Integrate Social Features and Feedback Systems**
   - **Commenting and Reviews:** Allow readers to comment on and rate content.
   - **Social Sharing:** Enable users to share their work on social media platforms.
   - **Follower System:** Let users follow their favorite writers.

### 8. **Implement SEO and Analytics Tools**
   - **SEO Best Practices:** Ensure content is easily discoverable through search engines.
   - **Analytics:** Use tools like Google Analytics to track user engagement and content performance.

### 9. **Test and Launch the Website**
   - **Beta Testing:** Launch a beta version to a select group of users for feedback.
   - **Bug Fixes and Refinements:** Address any issues found during testing.
   - **Launch:** Make the website live for the public.

### 10. **Promote and Maintain the Platform**
   - **Marketing Strategies:** Use social media, email newsletters, and content marketing to attract users.
   - **Ongoing Maintenance:** Regularly update the platform, fix bugs, and add new features based on user feedback.
   - **Community Engagement:** Foster a strong community by organizing events, challenges, and featured content.

This plan provides a comprehensive approach to building a platform that not only allows writers to publish their work but also engages readers and encourages community interaction.

everything contemporary kinda really sucks
It’s easy to feel like everything contemporary kinda sucks, right? We’re in this era where everything’s gotta be instant, and in that rush, the quality just drops. Like, we got movies with a ton of CGI but no heart, and news that’s all about the drama, no substance. And don’t even get me started on products that break faster than you can say “ay caramba.” Sometimes we look back and think the past was better, but that’s just nostalgia messing with us. The thing is, we’re hit with so much content online that it’s overwhelming, like, ya ni sabemos what’s worth our time. The internet gives us a sea of options, but instead of making us happy, it just fries our brains. Plus, a lot of what we see today is made by corporations just chasing that dinero, so we get all this safe, cookie-cutter stuff that’s hella boring. And yeah, technology connects us, pero at the same time, it makes us feel more alone. We think we’re close, but we’re really just más isolated. At the end of the day, it’s easy to say everything modern kinda sucks, but maybe we’re just dealing with the growing pains of a world changing too fast. Instead of just rolling with it, we can push to make our culture something that’s really meaningful and, you know, actually chido.

being posted
if you haven’t been posted on the instagram maybe you are just not that funny or interesting? how can there be favorites when it is anonymous. you are maybe just a little bit jealous and full of…. spite

Trees and Trolls
My dad once told me a tale of his Princeton days where people under 5’6 went downstairs and people over 5’6 went upstairs, then they had a battle where the over 5’6 people (Trees) attacked the under 5’6 people (Trolls) in the Annual Trees and Trolls match. Unfortunately it has been eradicated but I say this in hopes someone else will carry on the Trees and Trolls legacy

Re: Re: Spite went to shit
Longfag and it’s not shit

Ending a Beautiful Friendship Over Robux
Yeah I know you’ll see this. Let me set the story straight. My “friends” never logged out of my Roblox account when I signed in on their play station or whatever evil machine it was. They ever so non chalantly texted me saying they spent all my Robux on Roblox’s hit game Dress to Impress. I want you 2 to listen here. I was saving those Robux for a special purchase. I want 100 Robux loaded into my account by tomorrow morning or our friendship is over and I’m publicly outing you both for being thieves. I’m sick over this I’m in a bad fucking way right now. 100 Robux within the next 12 hours or you’re fucking over guys.

IM A LOSER
i’m not cool enough for the cool people which in a way makes me cooler because i’m just living my life just a simple guy. suicide or not?

Re: re: re: spite went to shit
I’m not longfag I’m just a girl

.
wait is this not a messege board?

Old summer guilt
I have chosen to embrace becoming a product of my time. The cynicism has run dry, I am exhausted, I will buy the sambas. I will get the tattoo, I will buy some oversize jeans, and T-shirts from bands that are niche enough to go under the radar but just enough that all the people who will know it is niche will see it. I will do this and hope it brings me an immeasurable sense of comfort, or at least might serve as a distraction from the gaping and groaning hole of my neglected life potential, that is slowly growing from the corner of my living room, and holds out my couch like the sweet tongue of a Venus fly trap.

This is the scariest room everyone silent


He doesn't love you
And it sucks I know but it won't change

I'm going to tell your mom
You are a sexual deviant

in case of IP leak
what are the odds everyone is posting from the same two neighbourhoods in LA and NYC

Spite Group Painting
Add to the painting and repost it!!! :P let's show the haters we have REAL artistic talent!

Watermerlone
There are so many variants of watermelon, Seedless, Seed, Yellow, and even square to name a few. I would say no matter the kind of watermelon it’s still the best melon. Cantaloupe is inferior as well as Honeydew. Watermelon is the superior melon the sweetness and the texture of the fruit, a crisp bite into a nice cold slice is undeniably the most wonderful part. I may have a bias because Cantaloupe Cottage Cheese bowls are vile.

start spiting


Re: in case of IP leak
Anyone else from rural Illinois?

In case of IP leak
Use a vpn if you’re so worried lol

I used to have this friend
and one day he told me go up to this house, up in the little section of hills just past Vista Hermosa Park coming out of downtown. It was on a little street that was actually an alley or driveway. There was a construction site on the lot next to it and on the other side was the back of a lot and then a fence of the back side of a property on the other side of the small, lumpy hill. The road was steep, the concrete run-down and ridden with potholes and rocks. It was a small feat to get a car up it. The facade of the house, a small white bungalow with windows covered by heavy metal bars, was covered in strange objects: halloweens ornaments and lights, but also feathers, fruit, and bones. There was a heaping ashtray next to the door on a small white table. There was a poster on the door that warned, KEEP OUT! Gamer At Play Inside

L and O
L and O have an affinity based on their mutual focus on practicality and the material issues that affect them. They see each other as fellow travelers. L has a utilitarian and unprecious view on other people, but actually has a soft spot for O's neurosis. Similarly O sees L as a respite from her fraught female friendships. They share a common vocabulary about people too. However the conflict between them will be based on the failure of each other's practical worldviews and their necessity to confront an accelerating strangeness and to recognize their imperfect feelings toward each other.

wahhhhh
i’m depressed about this career change i made a really big deal about and it’s meaningful
but the thing is i have to make the meaning.

Last night
This site was more fun. What happened

coherence
writing things that dont keep the reader pulled along your train of thought or narrative is bad writing. you are journaling. you are probably an attractive woman

Things I’ve been banned from/kicked out of but it gets progressively weirder
-Pottery class
-Guitar Lessons
-Countless classes in grade school (they used to put my desk in the hallway and have me sit there)
-Hinge (I’ve since redeemed myself)
-Bumble
-Poshmark
-Peer leaders in middle school (I redeemed myself, but it was not easy)
-The tube slide in my elementary school
-Half the elevated surfaces in lower Manhattan nightlife venues
-Paul’s Baby Grand (I’ve since redeemed myself)
-A tattoo shop in Pompano Beach, Florida
-The bridal shop where they filmed “Say Yes to the Dress”
-Papa’s Freezeria
-Ernest Hemingway’s house

Things I’ve been banned from/kicked out of but it gets progressively weirder
-Pottery class
-Guitar Lessons
-Countless classes in grade school (they used to put my desk in the hallway and have me sit there)
-Hinge (I’ve since redeemed myself)
-Bumble
-Poshmark
-Peer leaders in middle school (I redeemed myself, but it was not easy)
-The tube slide in my elementary school
-Half the elevated surfaces in lower Manhattan nightlife venues
-Paul’s Baby Grand (I’ve since redeemed myself)
-A tattoo shop in Pompano Beach, Florida
-The bridal shop where they filmed “Say Yes to the Dress”
-Papa’s Freezeria
-Ernest Hemingway’s house

“Bad writer probably an attractive woman”
Sir, are you okay….. did your mommy hurt you so bad you hate all women now lol it must be so embarrassing to be you

Women absolutely cannot write
I know it’s cute and people go to the readings but it’s so like ephemeral idk STOP Only male writing makes any sennse within historicity STOP They dip the pen in cum and it dries by candle light; it stands the test of time STOP

Women absolutely cannot write
I know it’s cute and people go to the readings but it’s so like ephemeral idk STOP Only male writing makes any sennse within historicity STOP They dip the pen in cum and it dries by candle light; it stands the test of time STOP

Re: women can’t wrtie
Ok then how cum I am typing right now you fool. Try again (I think you’re funny but also a loser)

Is this love or something else
This could be how people talk to each other when they love each other and I wonder can anyone confirm also might be the wrong place to ask I don’t think anyone in the forum knows a love like this

Posted on IG
It’s happened to me twice but not with anything meaningful I’ve written. This makes me feel hollow and like a failure. I have so many good words and they haven’t been posted on ig, only the mediocre posts of mine have been posted on ig. Maybe I’m better when I’m not trying so hard but I want to try hard I am ok with being a try hard and cringe. Let me be cringe notice my cringe and tell me it’s so good. I’m a star!!!!!

saigon chlamydia
i dream of her

a intolerable headache
i want to shoot all of u pretentious losers with your big words & "cultured" ideas straight into the forehead...not that i have anything worthwhile to say besides that but anyway

Women writing
I am a bad writer. I used to smoke cigarettes now drink green juice. I am a woman with nice tiddies. I’m so deep - to deep for you to understand. I am so misunderstood. I’ve been through more than you can imagine. I’m the biggest victim because god forgot about me and I’m hard done by don’t take that away from me it’s all I have, aside from my nice tiddies. Life is so hard when you’re beautiful people stare at you and men are mean to you and jealous of the attention you steal from them because you know men also want male validation it’s like a drug but only some of us are desperate for it-something about daddy issues. I am so coquette I am goth girlfriend I am nature girl I am milf and I am jail bait and I am just a bimbo airhead I have nothing of value to say but for some reason you’re still reading this, why is that

add to the painting
its art naïf you wouldnt get it

My dog is a better writer than you
My dog is a better writer than some of you on here because she says nothing can’t speak can’t type or hold a pen bc no opposable thumbs. Be more like my dog.

To be honest
this whole time I thought the expand button said Espanol I thought it was Spanish translations on here

why are you guys in group shows without me
is it going to be like this forever???

Spite Art


really good social engineering suggestion
this would be cooler if there were a set number of niche topics an user has to make their post pertain to. like, given that this seems to be a cesspool of west coast art retards, require them to post about things that only this demographic would care about - but still let them say whatever offensive vitriolic things come to mind. perhaps only art world related. instead of it just being some niche 4chan novelty thing that will get boring in a week, turn it into a real project with direction. unleash the id of these people for all the world to see

I fucking hate dogs owners sometimes
I’ve been to so many houses where they own a dog that was clearly never trained and just pisses and shits everywhere and then it barks so fucking much completely unrestrained just constantly and oh of course they all have “separation anxiety” cause no one knows how to fucking own a dog and we’re all supposed to pity it so of course they have to take their stupid dog everywhere or else it’ll fucking explode with the non stop fucking barking so now in public its everyone else’s problem when it inevitably freaks out and yeah we’re all supposed to think this thing is all cute and adorable too and if you don’t wanna get covered in slob by getting near this slimy loud smelly creature then I guess you have no soul. 

It just makes me think about how these dogs were all bred to be beast of burden and perform labor for us and now that their jobs have been largely replaced in many sectors of society so they have unfulfilling lives like I’ve met people with dogs that have fucking depression and anxiety and literally take meds like how fucked up is that, by breeding these creatures we’ve tied them to our own fates and impose upon them all our societal ills because we’re so fucking selfish but by we I mean dog owners fuck y’all

Balding era
Yea

Hate when my nemesis works on themself


Arguing with your friend who’s trying to direct a stupid documentary at pinks hotdogs


Bushwick
You Bushwick hoes reliant on Instagram for everything. Yall be on your insta stories like:
Can someone help me move out? Can someone help me build my couch?
Can someone dog sit for me? Can someone water my plants? Can you donate to my go fund me? Can you wipe my ass after I shit? I'll pay you in gratitude and 1 beer that I've had in the back of my fridge for 6 months

Bushwick
You Bushwick hoes reliant on Instagram for everything. Yall be on your insta stories like:
Can someone help me move out? Can someone help me build my couch?
Can someone dog sit for me? Can someone water my plants? Can you donate to my go fund me? Can you wipe my ass after I shit? I'll pay you in gratitude and 1 beer that I've had in the back of my fridge for 6 months

Where’s All The Crime?
how come nobody does anything really crazy anymore? i always think to myself how crazy it would be if a celebrity got brutally mutilated or raped or something, it would be really crazy like john lennon 2 but better. i wanna see a celebrity get their head chopped off and someone leaves it in the middle of the street for the fuck of it. people should be willing to throw their life away for fame whether it’s good fame or infamy. i want to see real brutal crimes, i want people to be afraid to leave their houses because one of the kardashians was raped and murdered in broad daylight. all we have now are petty crimes like theft and grand theft auto. i can’t wait for the day real infamous criminals arise in this world, beating furries, dismembering celebrities, abducting children in broad daylight. please reply if you agree with me anyone

re: crime
agree

Re: L and O
this is really gay please stay off this site faggot

Re: Where’s All The Crime?
This is a really interesting take. If i were you i’d probably start this trend on my own with those types of ideas lol, sounds like you know what you’re talking about. I go to a private school and the bathrooms are in the classroom, i’ve always thought of locking the doors to the class and holding everyone hostage with a gun while i make mustard gas in the toilet to wipe them all out slowly and painfully, I really can’t stand these fucking people. But good luck to you, I really hope your idea takes off soon!

I am being targeted
I feel like half of these post are about me which makes me wonder if i care about anything besides brandy melville and vyvanse

I am being targeted
I feel like half of these post are about me which makes me wonder if i care about anything besides brandy melville and vyvanse

Re: I’m being targeted
Sounds like you didn’t take your anti-psychotics this morning

Re: I’m being targeted
Sounds like you didn’t take your anti-psychotics this morning

imagine
that a woman who likes to read wrote that :( 
i dont have a hard on for the ig model who in a prior era would simply be a society wife practicing her sketching and prose but is forced to the marketplace, good for her but none of you are going to be an honest editor if you are secretly dreaming she will say thank you let me show you how grateful i am....

At work on break
Im on my break at work eating a peanut butter & jelly sandwich and it was really good. Haven’t checked the site since last night and its like a blown out warzone

White kid in South Korea
Anybody else see those videos by that British kid who’s like a social media influencer in South Korea? He just “eats nothing but _____ at Korean convenience store for a day” I hate him look at his face and the way he talks it’s so creepy something about him deeply frightens me

having a great day
im so happy and free even though everyone wants to drag me down. its my special gift to take all of this negativity and see it as a boon. after all everything could be so much worse which is actually a good thing relatively speaking. going to drink some coffee now

This shit sucks bad
This shit sucks bad, you guys all have ugly voices and a hard time getting me to read what pathetic thing you are feeling

Canal Street Vs Ventura . I’m stuck at LaGuardia. My flight was delayed and then I was late.
Stuck between the pointers, signifying, male and woman in order to relieve myself I push pass the rest of the self-appointed to the restroom
My ease never leaves me as it is never there a piss with my headphones on I feel especially autistic

hi guys im in a new school and nobody likes meee@!!!!
hiiii guyyys im at a neww skewl  and nobody likes me. maybe its cuz i come from a more rich school wwith MONEYYY but this new one does not :((((( have money :(

interesting that people seethe the most about gender
and also coastie swag it seems like the most hated person in the world is a rich coastie art girl

i have an extremely important meeting today
in like two hours and if it doesn’t go well then it’s a huge loss for me. it will probably be fine. its like one of the only things that has happened to me recently that is important in any way. but at the same time it’s not going to lead to what i want anytime soon

The walls are closing in
The wood is speaking to me the wood is speaking to me the wood is speaking to me the wood is speaking to me the wood is speaking to me the wood is speaking to me the wood is speaking to me the wood is speaking to me the wood is speaking to me the wood is speaking to me the wood is speaking to me the wood is speaking to me the wood is speaking to me the wood is speaking to me the wood is speaking to me the wood is speaking to me

too pussy to namedrop
i know you have secret nemeses and i probably have hung out with them i know a lot of people. first and last instagram twitter linkedin idgaf lets hear some names

Sleeping On The Job
Rise and shine, Mister Freeman. Rise and… shine. Not that I… wish to imply you have been sleeping on the job. No one is more deserving of a rest… and all the effort in the world would have gone to waste until… well, let’s just say your hour has… come again.


The right man in the wrong place can make all the difference in the world. So, wake up, Mister Freeman. Wake up and… smell the ashes…

My Next Prank
There is this young woman that grew up near me in New Jersey. Now she is so disillusioned by the Addison Rae / influencer creative hustle that she pretends to be famous on instagram & snapchat & keeps making up that she is starting some clothing brand or something hahaha. I think it would just be so funny to try to pretend to be some sort of brand agent. Pull some insane prank on her where you convince her she's a star and maybe get her to go on some weird "magazine interview" sort of thing deep in the woods or in a dark abandoned port near Camden. I havent thought entirely of what to do as fun prank, so whomever wants to help, let's come up with some plan to tar and feather this stupid funny bitch. She is beyond spoiled / rich & she gets pampered by her mom (drives goofyass Range Rover, eats at restaurants every night) which enables her to pretend like she has this bombastic life. Meanwhile she is just this ugly make up faced whore who cant think of a single authentic thing to say in front of a camera. 
I love this girl's endless bland yearnings.  Turn my hate into a product of love

The creator of this site acted gay/fem for pussy
It was an embarrassing display…almost as embarrassing as trying to hide their affluent overeducated upbringing with their professor mother surrounded by similar privileged kids in Hollywood that now think they’re cooler than everyone else because they did coke before you

what is this
substack for people who say slurs? twitter for people who get onstage to read mid diary entries and pause expectantly after every line waiting for u to clap? 4chan for ppl who would’ve caught a case on 4chan tumblr for ppl who want to get pegged by art hoes instagram for parasocial relationship-havers who think they’re so famous??? ik i sound like a hater but i like it

Re: what is this
It’s called spite moron

let me be the 666th post
there’s gotta be some evil manifestation power to this. u wanna kiss me on the mouth soooo bad. u wanna pay my bills and publish my book and pledge money to my substack

let me be the 666th post
there’s gotta be some evil manifestation power to this. u wanna kiss me on the mouth soooo bad. u wanna pay my bills and publish my book and pledge money to my substack

Re: The creator of this acted gay/fem for pussy
shut up libtard

re: my next prank
awesome idea but let’s take it to the next extreme. let’s send death threats and photos of her family members saying that we know where she lives. it’s so easy to scare someone lol all you have to do is do what would scare you. maybe tell her that her relative got hurt, get her to go somewhere, then abduct her that would be cool

why are there so many women and libtards here
if you’re a retarded libtard please leave. 
if you’re a woman please leave

update
sitting on floor of the shower before work, i have exactly 4 more minutes i can spend sitting on the wet floor and i feel bad that i felt like i should look at this for it, not sure what would’ve been a better use of my time but i could have found something, but its not like i can do anything about that now

everyone is welcome here


hypothetically
hypothetically, is it even that scandalous that somebody may have acted gay for pussy and not that a person might respond to that play by giving them pussy?

re: the creator acted gay/fem for pussy
WRONG i was actually twunked and slutted out and wet and wild at the time. obviously you dont understand being a real freak and down for anything thats chill. enjoy life as a prisoner in a cage of your own creation. when my actual friend said that to my face it hurt but she was literally on crack at the time. also my mom is not a professor and i grew up eating ramen packets

If a foid responds to men acting gay then she’s retarded


stop whining
lightly transing out and picking up alt rave chicks is the best chance a lot of you have and a proven strategy. get gud

not enough women on the internet
there are too many men on the internet and they will not shut up; for every man there should be three women and two of those women should hold the man down and make him watch sissy hypnosis while the third woman reads the new hit novel sillyboy by petra vack. i also think all the women should be gay

not enough women on the internet
there are too many men on the internet and they will not shut up; for every man there should be three women and two of those women should hold the man down and make him watch sissy hypnosis while the third woman reads the new hit novel sillyboy by petra vack. i also think all the women should be gay

girls act like guys to get dick
but no one wants to talk about that

Re: Stop Whining
Pretending to be a troon for worthless sex will be a gallowable offense after project 2025 commences

Re: Women on the internet
Would be great if they were capable of being even the slightest bit funny or introspective

Re: Girls act like guys
This is true but women hate eachother so much they’d rather act like men so who’s fault is it really

one other thing
you all act like you’re writers to get pussy

you could be normal
find a spouse who is your true friend and observe from afar

Pussy
spite fell off when we found out the creator wasn't gay/fem for pussy

most poetry is bad
alternatively - im too stupid to get it?

thoughts?

job
do any of you have a job ?

job
do any of you have a job ?

.


Chuy: El Taco King de Philly
Chuy siempre had a dream: to be el rey de los street tacos. But life in Canada was too tranquilo for his taste. So one day, he decided to cruzar la frontera to los Estados Unidos - illegally, of course.
Después de un viaje loco, Chuy encontró himself in Philadelphia. "Perfecto," he thought. "Nadie expects tacos auténticos en Philly."
He started small, con un carrito in South Philly. But sus tacos were fire, and word spread rápido. Soon, Chuy had una flota of taco trucks all over la ciudad.
The gente loved him. "Ay, que sabor!" they'd say. "This vato must be from México!"
Chuy would grit his teeth. "Actually, soy de Canada, eh?"
But nadie believed him. "Claro, claro," they'd laugh. "Y yo soy la Reina de Inglaterra!"
It drove Chuy loco. He wasn't Mexican! He was un proud Canadian! He missed hockey and maple syrup, for heaven's sake!
So Chuy hatched un plan. "Si quieren Mexican food, les voy a dar Mexican prices," he muttered.
Overnight, los precios on his menu doubled. "Fifteen bucks por un taco? Estás loco?" people cried.
Chuy just shrugged. "Authentic Mexican tacos, authentic Mexican precios," he'd say with a smirk. "Unless... maybe you believe I'm Canadian now?"
And that's how Chuy, el Canadian taco king, built his empire in Philly - one overpriced, delicioso taco at a time.

Refuse
As a woman I refuse to post here anything I’ve written and spent a lot of time on, this website is unworthy of that. But it’s cute to see how hard you all hate on the coastie cute girl who writes that’s such a SHOCKER. To the girls: we need our own space

your gay
your gay while im not I could suck a golfball threw a frozen trout but I wont anser that and stay fashionable i fuck you grill ha ha btich gay man i rule

How are there more users than posts?
Is it just site visits?

Snapchat Generation
retards that don’t want to give each other phone numbers it’s so fucking stupid

USA art hoe pussy method
literally all you have to do to get laid is go to a new city where you have no connections get a hotel and find a local show for trendy alt phags (easy to find via local subreddits and ig pages that post flyers). local bars will do but they aren’t quite as high percentage. when you inevitably meet people put on a very light foreign accent use a gay ass fake name like timo hammer or some shit and say you’re like solo traveling around the USA on a gap year and that you are an art student at the academy of fine arts vienna. also softly imply that your dad is very important back in austria and is rich. if there are no hoes at the shows, people will want to invite you to their little kickbacks and after parties where there will be lots of hoes. just be super like spontaneous and mysterious and shit and gullible  19 year old alt girls will be practically begging to go back to your hotel. also act like you don’t care about anything. after you’ve shagged get them an uber leave their life forever block number rinse and repeat. if ppl ask for socials just say “I despise social media”. you guys can laugh all you want but I’ve pulled this in like 4 cities multiple times with a very solid success rate. it also helps that I’m 6’4 and my dad is actually Austrian so the performance is convincing but most guys can replicate at least a version of this I’m convinced.

CHUY VS. FROBRO
Chuy estaba en la cima de su imperio. His taco stands were the talk of the town, la salsa más picante, the tortillas más suavecitas. Chuy había llegado a ser el rey indiscutido de la comida callejera en su barrio. Todo el mundo amaba sus tacos. But then, un día, todo cambió.

Frobro llegó como una tormenta. Él era un hombre alto, con una sonrisa brillante y una actitud que decía, "I'm here to take over." Abrió su carrito de fried chicken and coolaide justo al otro lado de la calle de uno de los puestos más populares de Chuy. Y el secreto de su éxito no solo estaba en el sabor—que, dicho sea de paso, estaba increíble—sino en los precios. Frobro vendía su chicken and coolaide for casi nada, mucho más barato que los tacos de Chuy.

La gente comenzó a cambiar. Chuy's loyal customers, los que habían sido fieles a sus tacos por años, empezaron a darle una probadita al fried chicken de Frobro. Las filas en los puestos de Chuy empezaron a reducirse mientras las de Frobro crecían.

"¿Qué está pasando?" Chuy se preguntaba, viendo cómo la multitud se acumulaba en torno al carrito de Frobro. "¿Cómo puede estar vendiendo tan barato?"

El barrio, normally a place where cultures mixed and matched sin problema, empezó a sentir la tensión. Los que amaban los tacos de Chuy eran mostly Latinos, y los que se habían cambiado al chicken and coolaide de Frobro eran mostly African American. La rivalidad comenzó a sentirse en el aire, como si el sabor de la comida fuera una cuestión de orgullo racial.

Pero Chuy no era de los que se quedaban cruzados de brazos. "Tengo que hacer algo," dijo. So, he tried to up his game. Empezó a ofrecer nuevas salsas, added more toppings, y hasta intentó un taco fusion de fried chicken. Pero no importaba lo que hiciera, Frobro seguía atrayendo más y más clientes con sus precios y su personalidad magnética.

The tension kept growing. La gente en el barrio estaba empezando a tomar lados, y algunos decían que no había solución a este conflicto. Otros hablaban de peleas entre los fans de Chuy y los de Frobro. The whole situation was on the verge of boiling over, hasta que alguien sugirió una solución inusual.

"Only one thing can calm this down," dijo un viejo sabio que había visto muchas cosas en su vida. "Necesitamos la intervención de las sexy e-girls."

At first, Chuy thought it was a joke. "¿Sexy e-girls? ¿Qué tienen que ver con tacos y fried chicken?" Pero la gente empezó a insistir, diciendo que la belleza y el encanto de las e-girls podría apaciguar los ánimos y hacer que todos volvieran a disfrutar de la comida sin divisiones.

Con cierta duda, Chuy y Frobro se unieron para organizar el evento. Llamaron a las más famosas e-girls del barrio, conocidas por su carisma y por tener seguidores de todos los colores y sabores.

El día del gran encuentro llegó. The street was packed, but this time, the crowd wasn’t divided. Chuy set up his taco stand on one side, mientras Frobro tenía su carrito de fried chicken al otro. In the middle, a stage was set up where the e-girls would perform.

When the e-girls arrived, it was like magic. La música empezó a sonar, y las e-girls, con sus movimientos hipnotizantes y sus sonrisas cautivadoras, comenzaron a atraer a la multitud. Everyone was mesmerized, olvidando por un momento las rivalidades.

People started to mix and match. Some had a taco in one hand and a piece of fried chicken in the other. Coolaide was passed around along with spicy salsa. The tension began to fade, replaced by laughter, dancing, y una sensación de comunidad que hacía tiempo no se sentía en el barrio.

Chuy y Frobro, standing side by side, miraron la escena con una sonrisa. "Maybe this town is big enough for both of us," dijo Frobro, extendiendo su mano.

"Tal vez," respondió Chuy, estrechando la mano de Frobro. "Pero siempre recordaré que mi salsa es más picante."

"Y yo que mi chicken es más crujiente," contestó Frobro con una carcajada.

Desde ese día, el barrio cambió. Chuy y Frobro siguieron siendo competidores, pero también aliados en mantener la paz y la diversidad que hacía único a su rincón del mundo. And every so often, cuando la tensión empezaba a crecer, las e-girls eran llamadas para recordarles a todos que, en el fondo, todos eran parte del mismo sazón.

Spite gender ratio


job
yeah i'm a data analyst lmfao

re:
Having a well paying job is morally correct.

gender ratio giving fujo
watching all these retarted men doing these weird displays for each other

re: re:
(aiming to have) a stable job is morally correct actually. some of you guys are like woe is me i can't have a job bc im neurodivergent :(. and then you expect to be able to mooch off ppl who spend 8+ hours at the office or at the workplace all day. News flash! I have ADHD and borderline personality disorder (diagnosed)  and if i can do it you can too

Spite group art


Everyone was really angry yesterday
I think we should do some breathing exercises and maybe just chill today

Re Chuy vs Frobro
This story presents an intriguing blend of cultural conflict, culinary competition, and unexpected resolution, showcasing both strengths and weaknesses in its narrative approach. The vivid characterization of Chuy and Frobro, along with the effective portrayal of cultural tensions in a diverse neighborhood, provides a compelling foundation. The bilingual narration adds authenticity and flavor to the storytelling. However, the story's reliance on cultural stereotypes risks being reductive, and the introduction of "sexy e-girls" as peacemakers feels like an unusual and potentially problematic deus ex machina. This resolution oversimplifies the complex issues of cultural conflict and economic competition introduced earlier. While creative and engaging, the story treads a fine line between cultural celebration and caricature, ultimately succeeding in conveying a message of unity and shared community despite differences, but at the cost of depth and realism in addressing its themes.

The Last Male Poet
Your writing is pathetic & you are essentially a borderline pervert in a lackluster charmless way. You dreams of fucking instagram girls but you have the jaw of an inbred Spanish king what was his name. I just Googled it, it was King Charles II. You are pathetic bro, I dont even wanna take this beef beyond this because that's how low effort the whole thought im having about you is. I just hate your dirty disgusting face and your pathetic shock factor lowbrow low stakes low effort life. If I was from Canada I would be ashamed of people like you. If I passed you on the street id spit on your gigantic ancient face. 

This is @syncopatedvoid on instagram come at me you fucking toolbox for a faggot

This is what your jaw looks like Goofy Movie Fuck


Re This is what your jaw looks like Goofy Movie Fuck
silly boy

The Last Male Poet
His writing is pathetic & he is essentially a borderline pervert in a lackluster charmless way. He does dream of fucking instagram girls but this poster fails to account for the well known fact that instagram girls LOVE inbred jaws …

the male poet jaw
the last male poet has an inbred goofy jaw this is obvious why do we need to talk about that retarded jaw

the goof y movie is actually great
i think billy pedlow would be the character in the goofy movie that eats all the cheese

REGARDING THE PURPOSE OF SPITE: A PLAN
Creating a website that reflects the spirit of rebellion and literary defiance can be a compelling project. Here's a ten-point plan to build this online periodical:

### 1. **Establish a Rebellious Brand Identity**
   - Develop a bold and provocative name that captures the essence of resistance and literary disruption. Use edgy visuals, such as glitch art and gritty fonts, to create a distinct brand.
   - Create a logo that embodies the spirit of rebellion, perhaps a subversive symbol or icon that resonates with the alt-lit community.

### 2. **Design a Polarizing Homepage**
   - Make the homepage visually striking and immediately polarizing, with imagery that challenges mainstream aesthetics and literary norms.
   - Use a headline or manifesto that confronts visitors with a choice: join the resistance or be content with the status quo.

### 3. **Create an "Underground" Content Strategy**
   - Feature controversial, boundary-pushing content that critiques mainstream literary culture and society at large.
   - Incorporate satirical pieces, literary memes, and thought-provoking essays that align with the site's ethos of fighting the system.

### 4. **Develop a Conspiracy-Themed Editorial Section**
   - Dedicate a section to "exposing" literary conspiracies, where the editorial voice can playfully (or seriously) unravel perceived injustices in the literary world.
   - Allow for anonymous submissions or whistleblower-type contributions from those who feel marginalized in the literary community.

### 5. **Integrate Interactive and Meme-Driven Features**
   - Include an interactive meme generator that lets users create and share alt-lit-inspired memes, driving engagement and community building.
   - Create a forum or discussion board where users can debate, share conspiracies, and collaborate on literary projects.

### 6. **Implement a "Literary Guerrilla Warfare" Tactics Guide**
   - Offer readers a guide on how to fight back against literary elitism, including tips on self-publishing, DIY zine creation, and leveraging social media for literary activism.
   - Encourage readers to share their own tactics and success stories.

### 7. **Host a “Clout Resistance” Leaderboard**
   - Introduce a gamified leaderboard that tracks contributors' literary clout, rewarding those who disrupt traditional power structures the most effectively.
   - Feature public recognition for top disruptors, but also allow for anonymous participation to protect identities.

### 8. **Launch a Controversial Podcast Series**
   - Produce a podcast where you and guest speakers discuss the current state of alt-lit, expose literary gatekeeping, and share strategies for subverting the system.
   - Keep the tone irreverent and confrontational, mirroring the website’s overall attitude.

### 9. **Promote Subversive Visual Art**
   - Create a gallery space for visual artists who explore themes of rebellion, dissent, and literary subversion, with a focus on emerging and marginalized voices.
   - Host regular art contests or exhibitions that align with the site’s mission, offering a platform for underrepresented creators.

### 10. **Establish a Network of "Literary Resistance Cells"**
   - Encourage the formation of local or online groups dedicated to the site's mission, allowing these "cells" to share resources, organize events, and collaborate on projects.
   - Provide a secure space on the site for these groups to communicate and strategize, ensuring a decentralized and resilient movement. 

This plan aims to create a website that not only serves as a literary platform but also as a hub for cultural resistance and subversive creativity.

last mael poet
instagram girls love to think about that cave man jaw grinding up on them

woman
woman here posting to inform the public that these slanderous lies about the male poet guy are completely wrong his jaw is disgusting and i would never fuck him

When that incest jaw starts licking
Mmmm mmhm mmhmm hmmmh

When that incest jaw starts licking
Mmmm mmhm mmhmm hmmmh

Not enough users
I’m walking around telling everyone to join spite, what have you done for it? Nothing

That jaw
Is about to be raped & torn apart by a pack of homeless dogs gashing and pulling at cheeks on flurried Montreal streets bleeding out into the slushed storm drains. Dogs licking your inbred blood until their own circulation clots and strokes them out leaving a red pile of fur and thrown skin.
 Finally youve created something

Re: Sprite group art


Re: Sprite group art


re: sprite group art
fuck you stop ruining nettspend don’t listen to him ever

dream a few months ago
demon armband sold to a couple as a crime stopping device (minority report or scrying style) possesses a family, father does bad stuff. all the lights are out in the house.
accidentally sending nudes.
X's stuff in an attic.
DMT.
portholes.
retractable staircase.

You’re all overthinking it
not elaborating

Re: job
Yeah I work in a warehouse

My DREAM CAR
Extremely loud 90s honda civic with slammed tires and white sport car rims, blue headlights, Puerto Rican / Dominican flag hanging off the rearview mirror, blasting Cumbia with bass so loud it shakes the ground of the entire block, revving it’s engine at 2am

Re: imagine
A woman who likes to read did write that, is the sarcasm unclear LOL the idea was to write something through the lens of what men think women sound like when they write. Vapid and air-headed because women can’t write haha so happy you were fooled mr I’m so intelligent that I put women down.

re:  re: sprite group art
stop being mean

Anybody else miss Tobuscus?
He was so good back in the day. And now Daneboe (creator of Annoying Orange, a classic) is a woman, with boobs. What is this landscape

Can we name drop more
And see what happens

My Chemical Romance
Long ago 
Just like the pants you had to shit in again 
We are so far from your shit
Smelling on 
Just like the muscles you push to shit
The pants of everyone you know
///////////////////
And what's the worst you smell (worst you smell) 
From every fart you break (fart you break) 
And like the shit you take (shit you take) 
Well, I've been holding it in tonight
/////////////////
What's the worst that I can fart? 
Things are better if I shart
So fart and go shit 
So fart and go shit
/////////////////
Came a time 
When every fart smell
Brought you to shit again 
We are the very turd you shit
/////////////////
And what's the worst shit you take (worst shit you take) 
From every shart you break (shart you break) 
And like the underwear you stain (underwear you stain) 
Well, I've been holding in my shit tonight
//////////////////
What's the worst that I can fart? 
Things are better if I shart
So fart and go shit
So fart and go shit
Well, if you fart on this way 
Things are better if I shit
So fart and go shit
So fart and go shit
///////////////////
Can you hear my farts?
Are you near my farts?
Can we pretend to shit and then 
We'll shart again 
When both our farts collide?
/////////////////////
What's the worst that I can shit? 
Things are better if I fart
So shit and go fart
So shit and go fart
Well, if you shit on this way 
Things are better if I fart
So long and go shit
So long and go shit

Re: my next prank
You’re a sick fuck who hates women for literally no reason. Probably bc no one wants to fuck you. You’re posting this girl on here because you’re just jealous of her clearly you wish you were a woman but you’ll never be a woman. You’ll never be desired by a girl like her who seems to be happy and living her best life. Why does it bother you so much when women just exist you’re pathetic and scary. You are a waste of space and it disturbs me to think that women need to share this earth with men like you who walk around having these vile thoughts about women who are just being cute and care free and posting it online. I hope that girl gets her bag and blows the fuck up and that you continue being obsessed with her success in this fucked up parasocial/borderline stalker way and that it leaves you hating yourself even more because you’ll never have that life filled with abundance. You seem to be sociopathic in a way that doesn’t even benefit you or your ability to thrive in this society. Look up ASPD and get some help you sick fuck.

Yes/no?


Pervert “poet” guy that posted his face
reading the shit he has in his instagram bio made me feel like I was being molested but maybe that was the intention

Pervert “poet” guy that posted his face
reading the shit he has in his instagram bio made me feel like I was being molested but maybe that was the intention

Re: pervert “poet” guy who lost his face
He is also the same guy who posted some girls ig on here shitting on her for basically just existing.

How do I post if I’m not retarded
I try writing like our forebears. I care for thoughtful lyric. Unlike spite’s cynic pos(t)ers, I play like whimsy’s romantic. Like Rousseau’s bitch I sing. Searching for some deep metaphysical thing.                                    I care about the written word, but I’m not some arcane luddite trad trash who rejects modernity. Theres a historicity to all, and I fear shitposts in how virally diseased they can be. Yet, still, the more eloquence I offer, the deeper within spite’s coffin I suffer. Shoot me in the face. Or not. Spite’s slow cultural lobotomy is too painful. Dur UHH BUH SPITETARDED BLUHHH duh Leigh SPITETARDED 4EVRR

the farm
oh i get it this is just lolcow.farm for people who are too pretentious to use real forums

Just washed the dishes
Took care of my chores

Mmmmm


Last male poet
Wow a French Canadian writes nothing but nonsense what a shock

new york art kids: what is it like to have really rich parents?
why do you cosplay as the poor

Name Forty French Canadians Who Write Nonsense
Fucking retard

men
why do u hate girls so much ????????

men
why do u hate girls so much ????????

men
why do u hate girls so much ????????

men
why do u hate girls so much ????????

men
why do u hate girls so much ????????

Re: Men
Because you post shit like that 20 times in a row

Re: Name Forty French Canadian Authors who can’t write
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_French_Canadian_writers_from_outside_Quebec

Keep the cig posts coming
Keep the cig posts coming

I told you
Pussy from an anonymous, young, Beautiful, and brunette Spite magazine writer

So All French Canadians Cant Write?


I suck on a snail and it make me burst ❤️


Re: So all French Canadians can’t write?
Yes and apparently you people can’t read or understand context either otherwise you would’ve understood my post. Retard

women are the best


Blowjob review: Neoliberalhell
0/10 tiny teeth but still managed to scrape the damn thing to hell.

Blowjob Review: Dasha Redscare
Slapping it around playing around too damn much couldn’t even bust too eager 2/10

Blowjob Review: Pariah The Doll
It takes a man to know what a man likes. 10/10

how do i post a video
i have something funny to show you

spite will not save you
only the truth can save you

I feel sorry for you people
I hope you fix whatever is wrong with you ❤️

lets talk about truth and beauty
i went swimming at the beach left all my stuff in a bag when i got back a seagull had taken my wallet headphones a condom thrown everywhere across the sand it was trying to get away with my tobacco in its mouth but i got it back. the water was very warm and calm

21/NB/LA
wbu

Nothing to do In bumfuck nowhere
I f 19 moved from a fairly populated city to a small town out in the countryside. Don’t get me wrong it’s cute and a good place to raise a family but there’s nothing to do if u never grew up here. I didn’t grow up here and it’s fairly difficult to find a job. So what do I do like roam the streets until I find company

Re: Nothing to do
Look presentable and go to a local company and basically beg for a job. Tell them you know you’re not a local and you respect their loyalty to their community and say you have intentions of staying there for a long time (even if that’s a lie) they’ll probably hire you. If they don’t, go to another one

Cock-a-doodle, doodle dee
I scratch what's in front of me
Bits of corn, bits of grain—
Itch to those who cause me pain!
Gravel footprint doodle-doo
You don't see me, but I SEE YOU! 
Muhuhahahaha!

Re: New york art kids
You seethe every moment to be in a position like mine. How does it feel? To cosplay as poor is to feel as one within the whole.

filter by city option?
hm?

I think we should be kinder
I think we should be kinder to each other

Why did you have to move to bumfuck nowhere?


Hello!
Hello this is Kelsey Weekman, I write for Buzzfeed, and very excited to write for spite! I want to know what this is all about. Thank you! 😊

Itching to bust
Young Jewish male itching to bust in brown Palestinian brown star

Hello I’m the guy who created this website
And I’m playing with my thingy while I read your posts

I think i just hate people
The

i love ordinary people
and dogs and animals and other things that do not require constant upkeep and management and outlets like they are massive projects

Ugly as fuck people r the worst
I’m so glad i wasn’t born ugly. Imagine being born ugly? I mean being pretty is a choice but there really is no hope for some of you. If i was ugly i’d act bad too

hitting my pen in the bj’s bathroom feeling like im in a school shooting pmfgg


.


My ex boy friend
Please Love me Again

Is it weird ?
I want a vape with her perfume in it

Seriously


Playing Fortnite with my thing out
It wiggles when I get a kill and I have a NHFBO when I catch the dub




My character skin is deadpool

Had to mute Spite on ig
I can’t look away and I need to get work done but I can’t stop refreshing to see the new posts. My brain is melting and I need to STOP.

Girl counter top
Seen in image: two fidget toys, a camo knife, allen key tool, padding from my sports bra, a dying plant, Aesop samples, dried up pomegranate, ceramic pomegranate, candle from target, foraged rosemary

re Girl countertop
great post i like objects photos a

sorry
i feel bad because i’ve been posting stupid shit and contributing to the incelly generally bad attitude of this place while being a happily engaged non-male with a decently paying job and a fulfilling relationship to my art, i’m gonna try to uplift from now on ✌️

why reading yalls posts is exhausting
its not even the nyc lit-it-girl-vocab its the regressive gender binarization thats tries to be "ironic" even though the posters using mysogynistic and totalizing language (girl, woman, men, nyc, writing, retarded, longfag--all masccoded cryptomysoginisc countersigning) show trough their wannabe bohemienne  bottombarrelleling that its these topics that most entirly occupy their thoughts and cripple their content.

Re: sorry
You better not leave spite

Diary of an insufferable self diagnosed cunt
Lately I’ve been taking Ritalin everyday just go on my computer that partake in some activity that makes my brain feel the buzz of productivity. I need Ritalin because without it I’m a dopamine fried zombie with no ability to engage in any analytical or reflective thought. Years ago I tried going to a psychiatrist to get an ADHD diagnosis but she made me take a computer test and I guess I didn’t score in enough categories to be diagnosable. She said I probably just have anxiety and threw me a prescription but I disagree, if anything I have depression, but since I’m scared of depression meds I ghosted her. Later I moved to another country and went to a walk-in psychiatry clinic, told them I was diagnosed with ADHD in America and was promptly given what has now been a multi year long supply of Ritalin. 

So now I can sometimes produce work, but I’m still painfully unhirable for any position that requires a reliable employee. I should be a prime candidate for blue collar work, but unfortunately I suffer from a “save the world” complex that convinced me getting some gay degree would lead to fulfillment. No, I am not under any assumption that I will single handedly save society and rescue the poors, I just cannot envision myself partaking in any professional endeavor that goes against my morals. And since most jobs directly or indirectly have some negative effect on some system or another I remain a jobless cunt. My family has gone through periods of struggle but apparently it wasn't enough for me to be realistic about my career prospects. Maybe one day I’ll take enough stimulants to wake from my deluded haze and actually contribute to society. Until then I’ll post on spite.

Re: why reading yalls posts is exhausting
So don’t read it no one is holding a gun to your head LOL

Autofiction Sucks BTW XD
Oh, what's that — you've been to an event, you took "drugs", you got laid, you have a "Zine"? You and whose money? Oh, you're horny? Oh, you're not horny any more? Oh, you don't believe in anything, you just —crave— and that's made you sad? Oh, it's a vibe shift summer? It's an evil summer? Let me guess, last night was a movie? Avant-Garde VLOGs. Oscar for Best Substack. Auto-Astroturfing. Become-bot. Oh, you're unique? Nothing truly insightful is unique, you moron. What, you thought life was made out of shitty anecdotes? Moron. Life is made out of a substance you can't even imagine. The deeper you go the less you are. KYS

re:re:sorry
no im staying im just gonna try to not write in the annoying male voice and say so much mean or bitter shit cuz, love the site <3

what
lmao im dead at that person calling the word ‘writing’ cryptomisogynistic language

what
lmao im dead at that person calling the word ‘writing’ cryptomisogynistic language

Sorry I was so negative last night
I've been down lately because I feel like my dog only likes me as a friend and not a father figure

Scenester seeking help
Hey, to the Nice Normal People posting about your life has “substance” and you have “real friends”, can you give me a few examples of what this looks like? Trying to cultivate these things in my own life. Thank you!

Goopy ceramics are worse than anything happening in palestine
You stupid mother
Fucker. I see you with your
trail shoes and cocaine.

Ceramic art is
A total waste of time with
Little skill needed.

Diet coke girlie
Skin sallow, pitted, pimpled
Afraid of aging

She got that Calvin Coolidge pussy!
Uou already know what the fuck is going on.

Re: Why reading all yalls posts exhausting
Regressing into gender binarization
This one line tells me everything I need to know about you. You are an overthinker. You have extreme untreated OCD due to a lack of GABA in your brain. And even after treating whatever imbalances cause you to be this retarded you’ll still be an annoying unremarkable person. Your greatest flaw and the reason people hate you is your over complication of your own life.
Treatment plan: Androsterone 2mg transdermal daily
High sugar low fat diet
15mcg t3 a day split into three doses
Cyproheptadine to make you sleep any time you feel like writing or reading
And a lot of electroshock

Slavery
good or bad?

re ceramics
Finally someone hating on ceramics artists. I was too scared to say this forever but that crowd is fucking cooked

Re: Slavery
Only good when it happened to the jews

Post this in the instagram
Post it now

Art, artists, ceramic artists
Look here is my problem with ceramics. People mostly make formless, horrible shit. It gives people a chance to make ‘art’ with a super low skill barrier to entry, hiding behind an imagined stylistic convention. The problem is art is a social scene that produces superfluous material work sometimes (for instagram).

Re slavery
Slavery is so based LMFAOOO 😭😭😭 Jewish people suck am I right! 😭😭😭 look at how different I am! We are so subversive lol you wouldn’t get it we are so in conversation with culture like ??????????

Feedback
Women are often more insecure and hide their best stuff away, favoring impersonal and self deprecating accounts that allow them to remain fuckable. Men glue their balls to the wall and call it The Work, and sometimes it is. But most of it is shit. They just have a higher chance at random success those monkeys with eternal typewriters. Also readings are overwhelmingly bad because the writer is often either trying to get fucked that night or earn the approval of the audience so they panic and pick the wrong thing to read. Everyone writes Autofiction now because its the easiest and most self-serving, its tempting to be known and documented. its not a bad genre just getting tired. Everyone is lazy becausebthey waste their day on sites like this one, Spritz magazine

autofiction is like ceramics


Re: insecure women.
Previous poster had it so backwards imo. Men are shockingly insecure, and rightfully so, because most of them are morons, ugly and if they create anything at all it is invariably of poor quality. Women are also insecure but far more buoyed by the attentions of men (trying to fuck them).

Jews
I for one love jews

Nick,
you will begin to cough in 2 days

'Spite' as incel poetics
poetics of ineffectual revenge
subtweeting on x and ig story cultural criticism
to not fit in nor lose. to not work (unemployed, unshowered, unsought after, ect)

Previous poster making word salad
Fuck you lol speak for yourself i am bored at work

Discord (2021)
this is like then but meaner

Getting really old
Kids out here talking about netspend, playboy carti. The fuck is any of this? I’m old enough to remember skinny jeans before they were worn by black people exclusively. I’m falling behind already. Which doesn’t bother me. They speak a language i do not understand and communicate with signs and symbols that might as well be hieroglyphics.

The rape machine
It’s broken again :/

daiso molotov
i’ve been a loyal daiso customer for years, but i had a frustrating kys experience today. i found six cases of blind boxes on a $1 clearance shelf near the checkout with additional  $1 stickers on every single case. the regular-priced boxes were clearly marked and displayed separately just a few feet away. it was obvious what was on sale, they were all the same characters and boxes and all in large quantities. 

at checkout, the items rang up at full price so i pointed it out to the cashier, and after referring me to another employee, i showed them exactly where i found the items. the high school college employee talks with a short brown man wearing an apron who was just at the front hearing about the mislabeled items from the cashier. i assume he's the shift leader and he stays facing a row of snacks talking to the employee, loser. employee comes back and says yeah we can't honor that price. ok girl im not going to pay $6 for mid blindboz but i am going to burn your store down. double down on your mislabeling retard 😻. don't promise a girl a world of cuteness. don't get between a girl a blind-box and a sale. u blinded me in a cruel death-deserving way

We’re just having a laugh
I used to think humour was helpful, cathartic and all that mattered (if you could be nothing else, be funny), but it had the unfortunate byproduct of being totally corrosive to sincerity, as demonstrated by the total inability of anyone to be heartfelt anymore. Is this also the result of the endless mocking of sincerity?

This fucking girl
No, I actually think your psuedo schizo posting shit trad wife wanna be philosopher thing you have going on is awesome! and the way you perpetuate your insane ideals and eating disorder is actually really cool and healthy and you definitely need to post about how skinny you are every day it definitely makes you seem very secure in yourself and your writing fucking sucks

This fucking girl pt 2
If you think this is about you it is hoe grow up have an eating disorder in silence like the rest of us

Byung-chul han
Complaining about girls shavin they pussy. What a retard. Keep it shaved this aint the 70s

Pure Honesty
I ate subway today
whole wheat
toasted
tuna 
pepper jack
lettuce 
tomato
onion
bell pepper
cucumber 
jalapeños 
banana peppers
mayo
pepper
spicy hot cheetos
diet coke
bought some cigarettes too
blue american spirits bc paradox of choice
i thought about how i wish i still wanted to make it work and my repulsion towards men
i wasn’t productive at work today
still biting my tongue 
i prefer my notes app 

but this is still cool 
another thing to consume
hope you eat a sandwich soon

Tengo una hernia discal
Tengo una hernia discal que me imposibilita hacer mi vida normal!! Extraño tanto correr junto a los animalitos del bosque!! Extraño tanto practicar deportes y sentirme ágil!!!

Ahora, lamentablemente me convertí en papa. Hice papamorfosis.

On Mispronunciation
I'm tired of hearing people correct the pronunciation of Echo Park's infamous Taix and BE WRONG. 

So many of you idiots are revealing your monocultural perspective and inability to perceive of a world beyond Los Angeles. 

Of course I will accept hilarious mispronunciations like Taxi or Thai but those who attempt to correct only to be wrong are driving me up the wall. Fuck you, you barely literate retarded cunts. Have you ever heard of Aix-en-Provence, it is not pronounced aye on provence but AX ! So if one of you practically ESL and definitely not French as first language fucks "umm actually"s me when I say Tex instead of Tay I will literally shoot you. Because the only American pronunciation I will accept is that of the 5th amendment.

Versos de la Verdad: The Last Male Poet and Billy Pedlow
In the heart of a small, dusty pueblo, había un hombre conocido as **The Last Male Poet**. His words were like las estrellas en el cielo, bright, unreachable, y llenas de misterio. But behind his verses, escondía un secreto—a secret so deep que ni las palabras podían esconderlo para siempre.

Cada mañana, The Last Male Poet se sentaba en una banca en la plaza, su cuaderno en mano, pero algo en él no le dejaba escribir con el mismo corazón que antes. Había perdido el hilo de su poesía, como si sus versos ya no pudieran fluir de la misma manera. Este secreto was like a stone en su corazón, heavy y constante.

One day, mientras intentaba escribir un poema sobre el amor, Billy Pedlow, un viejo amigo, se sentó junto a él. Billy era un hombre simple, con una sonrisa que no se apagaba, y una manera de ver el mundo que era tan clara como el agua. Siempre sabía cuándo alguien tenía un peso en el corazón.

"¿Qué pasa, mi amigo?" Billy asked, noticing the frustration en los ojos del poeta. "You seem lost en tus pensamientos, como si tuvieras un nudo en el alma."

The Last Male Poet suspiró profundamente. "Billy, I... I can't write anymore. Mi poesía, it's dying dentro de mí, como si algo la estuviera ahogando."

Billy lo miró con una paciencia que solo un verdadero amigo puede tener. "Sometimes, we can’t write porque hay algo que no hemos enfrentado yet, algo que no hemos aceptado."

El poeta miró hacia el suelo, avoiding Billy’s gaze. "I’m afraid, Billy. Afraid de quién soy. De lo que siento... I don’t know how to face it."

Billy puso una mano en el hombro del poeta. "No tienes que tener miedo. El amor, the true kind, is never wrong. Es parte de lo que eres. La poesía que escribes no puede ser verdadera si no la sacas del corazón, sin filtros, sin miedo."

The Last Male Poet felt a tear roll down his cheek. "But how can I accept this? Mi familia, mi comunidad, they wouldn’t understand."

Billy lo miró con una firmeza suave. "Es tu verdad, no la de ellos. Y hasta que no la aceptes, tu poesía will remain silent. You don’t have to shout it al mundo, but you do have to let it out, porque si no, it will consume you."

The Last Male Poet closed his eyes, feeling the weight of years of denial y miedo begin to lift, just a little. Por primera vez, se permitió admitir en voz alta lo que había ocultado dentro de sí por tanto tiempo. "Billy, I’m gay."

Billy’s smile grew wider. "Y eso está bien, amigo. It’s more than okay. Ahora que lo has dicho, lo has sacado de la sombra y into the light. Y con esa luz, tus palabras, tus versos, will flow again."

The Last Male Poet felt a sense of release, como si el aire fuera más ligero, como si el cielo se abriera por primera vez. He picked up his pen, y las palabras comenzaron a fluir, no perfectas, pero sinceras, llenas de la verdad que finalmente había aceptado.

Y así, en una pequeña plaza, con el sol dorado cayendo sobre ellos, The Last Male Poet escribió un poema que no solo era su mejor trabajo, but also the most real. Y en ese momento, supo que aunque el camino ahead sería difícil, no estaba solo. Billy Pedlow, with his kind heart and understanding, had helped him encontrar la verdad within himself.

And for the first time en su vida, The Last Male Poet felt free.

Time Zones
Why is this site in Greenwich Mean Time?

This is temporal imperialism and it is disgusting!

The Poets Embrace: The Last Male Poet and Billy Pedlow's Saga Continues
The days after The Last Male Poet's confession were different. There was a lightness in his step, a fire in his soul that had been dim for so long. His poetry began to take on a new form, one that was bolder, más apasionado. And at the center of it all was Billy Pedlow.

They spent more time together, not just in the plaza but in places más íntimos. The Poet would read his verses aloud, cada palabra vibrating in the air between them. Billy would listen, his eyes fixed on The Poet, as if cada palabra fuera un hilo que los conectaba.

One evening, under the soft glow of la luna, they sat juntos in Billy’s small home. The Poet had just finished reading a new poem, one that spoke of longing, of desire held back for too long. Billy’s eyes darkened as he listened, something deep within him stirring.

"Your words... they move me in ways I didn’t think possible," Billy whispered, his voice husky.

The Poet felt a shiver run through him. "Billy, I’ve never felt this alive. It's like... every verse is a piece of my soul that I’m giving to you."

Billy moved closer, his hand reaching out to touch The Poet’s cheek. "Then let me take it, every piece. Let me show you that your words can be more than just words."

The Poet’s breath caught in his throat as Billy’s lips brushed against his, gentle at first, como una pregunta. The Poet responded, his heart pounding, the kiss deepening as the barriers between them crumbled.

That night, they became more than friends, más que confidentes. Their bodies intertwined, their passion burning bright as they explored cada rincón del otro, like they were writing their own story in the language of touch. Billy’s hands were like verses, tracing the lines of The Poet’s body, cada caricia a new stanza, cada susurro a secret shared between lovers.

As they lay together, tangled in the sheets, Billy whispered, "You are my muse, mi inspiración. I want to create something with you, something that no one else can touch."

The Poet smiled, his fingers trailing down Billy’s chest. "Together, we’ll write the most beautiful poems, but not just with words—with our lives, our bodies, our love."

Their days became a symphony of creativity and passion. They would spend hours escribiendo juntos, the lines of poetry blending with the lines of their shared life. The Poet’s work became more intense, cada palabra dripping with the raw emotion that Billy brought out in him. And Billy, once just an observer, found himself inspired to write as well, their love turning him into an artist of his own.

Their nights were filled with the rhythm of their lovemaking, as passionate as the poetry they created. They became one, their bodies and souls intertwined in a dance of desire and affection that neither had ever known before. 

In the quiet moments after, when their breathing would slow and the world felt still, they would whisper poems to each other, verses born from the deep well of their shared passion.

And so, The Last Male Poet found not just his voice, but a love that was more profound than anything he had ever written. A love that was a poem in itself—endless, beautiful, and true.

Greenwich Mean time
Title Fight?

Insta
Last male poetand alex biebstock arent funby. Also that last male poet guy is really into menswear and that’s pretty gay and he shows his age lol

no vape
i have been secretly vaping a few times a day for the past 3 months. today i had the strength to throw it away yay welcome fall 🍂🍁🎃

Scadutree Avatar
Whoever designed this demonic sunflower boss fight deserves to know pain 🌻🌻🌻

VERSACE COTTON
Cunting
Mogging
Lockheed Martin
Steve Martin 
ALEC BALDWIN
MR SKIN
I hate men 
I hate men 
I hate men 
I hate men 
I hate men men men hate men hate men men men men men hate men I hate men I hate men I hate men men I hate men men I hate men men men I hate hate hate men men hate hate hate men men I hate men men men men men men men men I hate men men hate men men hate men men 
Travis Scott

I Wish That I Could Be There For You


If you don’t want to roleplay
Just tell me you dont want to fucking roleplay

I want to role play as a chestnut
And you can be a honey bee 🤯

My tingaling ding ding dong
Any questions?

Re: My tingaling ding ding dong
Omg my thingy is moving again

Re: Re: My tingaling ding ding dong
Omg it’s waving hello to you and doing some crazy moves all over the place

לכולם פה יש זין בעין וגם במוח
אני לא סובלת את הגברים פה שחושבים על אצמצם ובאמת מאמינים שהם אינטלקטואלים אבל הם בטח גם לא סובלים אותי. רוב האנשים פה שונאים יהודים ורק יכולים לכתוב ולדבר בשפה אחת חחח. זה די מדכא. אמריקאים חושבים שהעולם מסתובב מסביבם ושהם מתנה מהשמיים. קשה להם להבדיל בין כישרון, טראומה, אגואיסטיות, חרדות, והמחשבות השליליות שלהם. אין להם אלוהים, אפילו האנשים שמאמינים בדת. הם קוראים פילוסופיה של הגברים צרפתים, יוונים, פרסיים , ורוסים וחושבים שזה נותן להם זהות יותר משמעותית משאר אוכלוסיית הכתבים. אני מרגישה די מאוכזבת בספיטע

Re: Time Zones
Owner is half British

in machina res
According to Deleuze & Guattari, we have suffered too long amidst the retrograde critical judgements of mainstream Kafka scholarship. Ad nauseum, these pedestrian hacks have given us Kafka the alienated loner, Kafka the neurotic metaphysician, Kafka the theological invert, Kafka the gynephobic prisoner of ascesis, Kafka the self-hating Jew, Kafka the suicidal insomniac. Scholars have made their reputations by sending this great author on greased skids to Hell, earmarking him as an avatar of the Negative, a nodal point of absurdity and paradox, the pilgrim of an epic and hallucinatory Guilt Trip (partly at fault are the Muir translations, which categorically pitch the Kafkan voice as a syntax of doom and alienation). No doubt Kafka suffered immensely in his professional, family, and erotic life, in the anti-Semitic maw of Czech nationalism, in the iron-maiden of terrors both historical and metaphysical, but critics who reach their limit in expounding the pain and absurdity of the Kafka trajectory are providing us with a false and incomplete picture of this sublime literary event.
D & G decided to bring the hammer down on these reflexive doomsayers, to restore some of the joy and vibrant panache to Kafka studies. They wanted to bring him "`a little of this joy, this amorous political life that he knew how to offer, how to invent. So many dead writers must have wept over what was written about them. [We] hope that Kafka enjoyed the book that we wrote about him'"(xxv). It is useful to recall the evening Kafka read the opening chapter of *The Trial* to his circle of literary friends, assailed by roars of laughter, Kafka himself laughing so hard he had to constantly stop reading to wipe tears from his eyes. The ramifications of this episode have been repressed and overturned by the necrophilic martyrology of a reflexive Kafka scholarship. For here we have gone beyond any mere "laughter of the Abyss," the impish cackle of "black comedy," the doomed precincts of Camus's "cosmology of the Absurd." Kafka's hilarity is a laughter of resistance, of felicity, of squeezing some measure of freedom out of our peremptory and obstructionist universe. As argued in this text, the battle is within and against the political, economic, technological, bureaucratic, judiciary, and linguistic machines which held Kafka's language in thrall to its obstacles and terrors.
Here is a cento of principles developed by D & G in their dissenting text, the prolegomenon to any future in Kafka scholarship:
1. Isolation from the Law is not merely the absence of God (coinciding with the SNAFU of metaphysical realism) but rather entails the eternal suspension of judgement, ultimately an Artaudian desire "to have done with Judgement."
2. The question of ASCESIS. Deleuze has long underscored the idea that when a writer or philosopher espouses an "ascetic" lifestyle it is only as a means to achieving a more subterranean pitch of libertinism (or Life). Kafka had plenty of opportunities for conventional happiness, to live the life of a Max Brod, for example. Rather he followed the witch's wind of literary apprenticeship, a far profounder Life although, from a judgemental distance, appearing monstrous and ill-fated.
3. Kafka's oeuvre is characterized by a complete lack of *complacency*, and stands accordingly as a total rejection of every problematic of Failure. His suicidal fantasies, then, were not merely an agonizing cry of despair, but also a series of unmerciful thought-experiments designed to charge the literary machine, to clear the waters for fresh speculation.
4. Reflexive scholarship tends to move backward from unknowns to knowns (i.e. the castle is God, the beetle is oedipal frustration, the penal colony is fascism, the singing mouse is a writer, and writers are those who express CONTENT and represent THINGS). Rather we should take Walter Benjamin to his limit, by acclimatizing ourselves to a mode of literature "that consists in propelling the most diverse contents on the basis of (nonsignifying) ruptures and intertwinings of the most heterogeneous orders of signs and powers"(xvii).
5. Renovate the battlefield...: reterritorialize Kafka's "metaphysical" estrangement onto the concrete political arrangements with which he engaged throughout his life. Understand the political or "fantasmatic" nature of Kafka's simulations, that his fictions are not merely an allegory of resistance to fascism, but the infiltration of a ruptured sensibility into the fascistic functioning of the Law, a node of deterritorialization inside the torn apart.
6. The desire for innocence is as pernicious as the fetishization of guilt, since both imply an Infinity by which we can define and calibrate Judgement. Justice is desire and not law. Desire is a social investment traversed and legitimized by Kafka's literary machine, which "is capable of anticipating or precipitating contents into conditions that...concern an entire collectivity"(60), which speak for a people that may not be prepared to live through its message.
Perhaps I'm trying too hard to cram difficult arguments into tiny hard-to-swallow capsules. The text itself has to be read to be believed. Perhaps in response to those who felt *Capitalism and Schizophrenia* did not provide enough "concrete examples," D & G have steered their war-machine onto one of the most treacherous and misunderstood literary oeuvres of the preceding century. The result will either leave you cold (as is the case with virtually every reader I've conferred with on this text) or revolutionize your jilted perceptions of a great author.

Re: לכולם פה יש זין בעין וגם


"Fuck,"
he said and got in the car

did u guys like my post or did u hate it
feeling a little insecure now

Re: In machina whatever
No one knows who those people are, also longfagging, basically you posted coal on spite

Kafka post
Wanted to hate on it but actually though it was interesting. Girls should still shave their pussies tho. And metamorphosis is a silly atory

... anyways
anyone going to confessionssss tn

Taix is a last name and the family pronounces it like “tax”
Gay little Francophile

If you are going to confession
You are a straight up larping idiot. Grow up. You will regret this phase so much

text i wanted to send but didn't
i merely addressed you being creepy directly instead of ignoring it for the umpteenth time and got this weird “i’m not gonna talk to you” response instead of like. an apology or even basic acknowledgment that what you did was out of pocket…i don’t have time to be coddling your feelings at the expense of my safety, especially when i don’t even fucking know you. i was just trying to be nice and it is very irritating to not even be recognized as a full human being and rather am relegated to  possible romance option chick to whom you can address irritating and invasive missives about my personal life, despite me doing nothing to invite it. delete my number.

Not a single incel here
You guys are posers. You guys are faggots.

That moment when ur the red balloon in those tacky British or French black and white photos with
One red object.

I don’t know…
…but I do care

Fakecel accusations.
Volcel atm due to obsessive preoccupation with girl i have never met. The roster has been retired due to the singular narrowing of my affections onto this one woman.

Re: If you are going to confession
He’s right lmao you guys are seriously so fucked. You’ll never be happy and you’ll never make any thing beautiful

I Am So Smart and Know Your Vocabulary
she simu on my la til i crum🤯🤯

I want to post crazy shit on spite
But I need to switch to my burner before I do so. I mean I guess what is the worst he could really do with the data . Sell it to the cia? For what — I’m just having fun dude

Everyone meet at confessions, gay larpers need a home too


I Think Some of U Guys Write As a Way of Jacking Off


I Think Some of U Guys Write As a Way of Jacking Off


I Think Some of U Guys Write As a Way of Jacking Off


Therwpy
I ordered  an uber black to go to therapy

To the illustrious contributors of Spite
Some have at first for wits, then poets pass'd, 
Turn'd critics next, and prov'd plain fools at last; 
Some neither can for wits nor critics pass, 
As heavy mules are neither horse nor ass. 
Those half-learn'd witlings, num'rous in our isle 
As half-form'd insects on the banks of Nile; 
Unfinish'd things, one knows not what to call, 
Their generation's so equivocal: 
To tell 'em, would a hundred tongues require, 
Or one vain wit's, that might a hundred tire.
-the pope

MISSED CONNECTION
guy who looks like a guy people would write about who ate it from the back among other things. call me back. i’m pregnant and yours.

No black people write on spite
And there’s something special about that. Keep holding it down y’all :,)

Limerick about catholic larpers
A trendy young girl went to mass
/But she still took dick in her ass/
/Her sins she repented/
/While her legs they were bented /
/so the pope can’t say prayers for the lass/

Time to pretend
It makes me sad when people pretend to be catholic or abuse catholic aesthetics

Please tell me what life is all about then
Im just going to confessions because my friends are going and i like to see my friends and drink a few beers is that ok. Would you be mad if i was meeting up with my friends to watch love island. God you people are braindead. Link yr art :)

Please tell me what life is all about then
Im just going to confessions because my friends are going and i like to see my friends and drink a few beers is that ok. Would you be mad if i was meeting up with my friends to watch love island. God you people are braindead. Link yr art :)

Motion begets motion
Band for band rn

Spite Coin
When is it happening? Is it happening?

Dumb fuk going to confession
You are going to confession because you are a mindless retard who has adopted the aesthetics of something in the most empty and insincere way. Noone takes you seriously except your clique of bonehead little mates. You might as well kick back and watch love island. It would have more substance. I can’t link my art because i’m not an artist. I am a normal person, with a job, who lives according to my wishes and not the suggestion of the most braindead scene.

Re spite coin
Any devs on here?

Re spite coin
Any devs on here?

Re dum fuk
What do you do to relax after work? Are you part of any scene? Have you ever been? Why do you hate mine so much? Youre using a platform created by and out of it. To yell at me. Me. A normal person.

John Tottenham
Is a great artist

Re re dum fuk
How about you confess into a resume you fucking retard and drop this larping bullshit

Limericks
A 20 something dabbled in clay // with pussy the aim of his play // his work was bore // his personality more // but lucky it’s parents who pay.

Re: Confession bragging
Matthew 6:6 
But when you pray, go into your room, close the door and pray to your Father, who is unseen. Then your Father, who sees what is done in secret, will reward you.

The best people I’ve ever met had a deep respect for what they dod


My writing
I want to improve upon my writing, what are some spite tips & tricks?

Hawk tuak
Spite on that thing 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂

re re re dum fuck
listen,
I think youre right. im gonna change everything deep down ive wanted to for a while. there are worse art scenes though. It’s slim pickins. i hope you like your job and it pays you well

Re re re re re re dum ful
Your concession is your first sincere confession

Peter


Peter


Peter


Peter


i want some chinese food
with the eggplant and brocolli with the black ends and the little corns

Vack so rich
He so rich off that book that make me wanna kill all men

How much for a Spite NFT?


Rererererererere dum fuk
Still going to confessions tho. But then thats it. Thats the last thing ill do until i get new friends and a real job. I work for a major tv network but they dont really pay me well. It’s confusing. I went to art school and my life is just fucked up. I was encouraged to be creative from a young age and i didnt learn how to live practically. Im not normal honestly.

Re re re re re re re re re re re fum duck
Clearly.

band for band


band for band


I’m like… not normal….. I was a gifted child… I don’t know what normal is…. I’m a freak….


BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG
BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG SCHLONG BIG

question for the Normals
do you guys even… gulp… do you guys even believe in art

SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SM
SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG SMALL SCHLONG

Re: Question for normals
Why should anyone “believe” in art???

Post 900
Regular 4.5inch penis

Re belief in art
Oh, please. Art needing to be "believed in"? What is this, Peter Pan's magical art gallery? Last I checked, paintings don't disappear if you stop clapping. Maybe we should all hold hands and chant "I do believe in brushstrokes" to keep the Mona Lisa from fading away. Here's a wild idea: how about we just, you know, look at art and form our own opinions without all the pseudo-spiritual mumbo-jumbo?

Re re normals
Because normals are supposed to buy into art so us coasties can make fake money to spend on drugs MUAHAHAHAHA

FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH F
FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT EARTH FLAT

Average Erect Penis Size by Country (in centimeters and inches):
Congo (Democratic Republic of the Congo) - 17.93 cm (7.1 in)
Ecuador - 17.59 cm (6.93 in)
Ghana - 17.12 cm (6.74 in)
Colombia - 17.03 cm (6.70 in)
Venezuela - 16.93 cm (6.67 in)
Lebanon - 16.82 cm (6.62 in)
Cameroon - 16.67 cm (6.56 in)
Bolivia - 16.51 cm (6.50 in)
Hungary - 16.51 cm (6.50 in)
Sudan - 16.47 cm (6.48 in)
On the lower end:

Cambodia - 10.04 cm (3.95 in)
India - 10.24 cm (4.03 in)
Thailand - 10.16 cm (4.00 in)
South Korea - 9.66 cm (3.80 in)
Vietnam - 11.47 cm (4.52 in)

Nuke it sargent
Nuke it nuke it nuke it I’m addicted to making people angry

The bigger the penis the less civilized the country
Makes you think 🤔

Can anyone get me to Brazil I want to go to Brazil
I want to buy records in Brazil and have Brazilian friends and make music with them thanks please connect me with some cool Brazilian people

In for fall! jeans and open toed heels


a flight was delayed & i Stalled then missed it . Stuck between Canal and Ventura
Oh boy, I’m fucked. There’s a baby next to me on the And somehow, I’m crying. As a stair into a stroller earlier, “I guess these Heels are a form of self harm.” As if there was some form of standards schooling from the comfort of a cradle to the stabbing of stilettos. Can’t even tell if I’m fully aware. Not fit to anyways Is it constantly repeated cope statement. I can’t tell if I’m not fit because it couldn’t happen Or if it didn’t happen because I’m unfit . It’s funny . The child mother said he’s unlikely to cry the words I’m more likely to almost slipped . Few minutes past and the tears did. Currently sobbing and she’s breast-feeding and he’s making noise noise. I can barely hear over the headphones. Are you ready to go? She asks her kid I audibly sniffle. I guess I actually love kids. I just missed out on the chance may can’t face that at the moment, ironically, socially acceptable to say , I don’t wanna be around your kid. Not my time to be that kind of mother. It is now 8:40 and I am about 40 minutes late to an event in which I would confess and watch recreation of My sins hypothetically. As if the Relentless repetition Is not that very act Laugh out loud to break the sobs and bite my tongue to stop it all. I’m late for a man. Bruised by the same man. Bruised so bad I was asked multiple times if I was okay by different people from staff to bystanders . Yay! Doing it here instead, although there’s nothing Technically sinful Everything feels inherently sinister. I hate as much as I love and want for nothing

re girls should shave pussy posts
there is something fundamentally wrong with you as a man if shaved pussy appeals to you. this should be considered a paraphilia. you should want your partner to look like a human who is your age. this shit makes me a male misandrist like not only is it a weird standard to hold women to it also means you have shitty taste. it means you like seeing that ingrown hair stubble after a few days. It looks weird and unnatural and can irritate ur pelvic area if she grinds on you which she doesn’t bc she’s some weird freak who shaves her pussy

Slightly less retarded version
Oh boy, I’m fucked. There’s a baby next to me on the plane 
 And I’m crying. Stared into a stroller earlier & thot 
“I guess these Heels are a form of self harm.”
 As if there was some form of standard schooling
 from the comfort of a cradle
 to the stabbing of stilettos.
 Can’t even tell if I’m fully aware. 
Not fit to anyways 
Is the constantly repeated
 cope statement.
 I can’t tell if I’m not fit because it couldn’t happen Or if it didn’t happen because I’m unfit .
 It’s funny . 
The child mother said he’s unlikely to cry. the words I’m more likely to almost slipped . Few minutes past and the tears did. Currently sobbing and she’s breast-feeding and he’s making noise 
noise I can barely hear over the headphones but enough to make the attempt to muffle it pointless and the waterworks run again 
 Are you ready to go? She asks her kid I audibly sniffle. I guess I actually love kids. Bitter I missed out on the chance. can’t face that at the moment. ironically it’s more socially acceptable to say I don’t wanna be around your kid. O well whatever 
Not my time to be that kind of mother. It is now 8:40 and I am about 40 minutes late to an event in which I would confess and watch recreation of My sins hypothetically. As if the Relentless repetition Is not that very act Laugh out loud to break the sobs and bite my tongue to stop it all. I’m late for a man. Bruised by the same man. Bruised so bad I was asked multiple times if I was okay by different people from staff to bystanders . Yay! Doing it here instead, although there’s nothing Technically sinful Everything feels inherently sinister. I hate as much as I love and want for nothing

Slightly less retarded version
Oh boy, I’m fucked. There’s a baby next to me on the plane 
 And I’m crying. Stared into a stroller earlier & thot 
“I guess these Heels are a form of self harm.”
 As if there was some form of standard schooling
 from the comfort of a cradle
 to the stabbing of stilettos.
 Can’t even tell if I’m fully aware. 
Not fit to anyways 
Is the constantly repeated
 cope statement.
 I can’t tell if I’m not fit because it couldn’t happen Or if it didn’t happen because I’m unfit .
 It’s funny . 
The child mother said he’s unlikely to cry. the words I’m more likely to almost slipped . Few minutes past and the tears did. Currently sobbing and she’s breast-feeding and he’s making noise 
noise I can barely hear over the headphones but enough to make the attempt to muffle it pointless and the waterworks run again 
 Are you ready to go? She asks her kid I audibly sniffle. I guess I actually love kids. Bitter I missed out on the chance. can’t face that at the moment. ironically it’s more socially acceptable to say I don’t wanna be around your kid. O well whatever 
Not my time to be that kind of mother. It is now 8:40 and I am about 40 minutes late to an event in which I would confess and watch recreation of My sins hypothetically. As if the Relentless repetition Is not that very act Laugh out loud to break the sobs and bite my tongue to stop it all. I’m late for a man. Bruised by the same man. Bruised so bad I was asked multiple times if I was okay by different people from staff to bystanders . Yay! Doing it here instead, although there’s nothing Technically sinful Everything feels inherently sinister. I hate as much as I love and want for nothing

Hearing a lot of dumb bitches are going to confessiosn tonight..
I’m watching the Sound of Music with my family. Not that you guys would know anything about that. You are not an asset to the abbey

I see
You're mad that you didnt live up to your wildly unrealistic expectations you set for yourself in your early 20s. Being bitter isn't a personality. I know you secretly want to die at age 40 but unfortunately you'll linger for much longer.

I believe in art
Especially since it saved my life

Re: I see
Silence, woman

There's 5-6 of us
The perfect sized friend group

Re re: I see
I know you wanna do it. Cmon man, just do it. If you genuinely want to, don't be a pussy.

Re re girls shaving they pussyhoel
‘Male misandrist’ lmfaooooooooo kill yourself retard. Keep fucking the hair on a barbershop floor. The arabs had it right

Watching movies at night
I get jealous of the people drinking coffee when in the movies it's the morning

Thats also the problem with new york
Youll be walking down the street and people will be coming out of the deli with coffee at all hours makes me want to get some but ILL TWEAK ALL NIGHT

How can art save your life
You must be retarded if any art could “save your life”

The Internet
You don't get to choose what you see anymore , companies show you what will make them the most money and keep you on their sites

I believe in love at first sight
im just waiting for it to happen one day and be the best relationship ever. I think im lonely

Help
My girlfriend calls me gay every time I compliment her

Help
My girlfriend calls me gay every time I compliment her

i love dogs
I love dogs because they are like child labor. I don’t like child labor however.

The disconnect between people talking about going to Confession(S)
the reading and other people are responding because they think they’re catholic larpers because they read an article in 2021

Breakfast  News
Marmoset monkeys call eachother by name, study suggests ?

I want to reveal myself because I am a whore
-20f

i mivht


I think there’s something wrong with me
Falling in love is the best invent ever. Am i a serial dater? Pleaseanswer

The porn bots
Theres so many of them it makes me upset. Im not a retard. I dont want this i want to open my direct messages and see smthin like “can i send you beats?” Im just a freestyle rapper

I want to be a writer but
I’m not good at writing and I don’t really care for it as a creative medium, I just want to be able fund life abroad. I think it could be beneficial to practice here but I can’t tell if any of you guys actually write shit or if it’s just like some inside joke.

.
-sent from my iPad

If ur a “writer”
Keep it to yourself. You are lame if you say that No one give a fuck

😂💕

I realized my life sucks
I don’t feel good about my life. And it sucks

I’m jealous
I wish I had a hobby or something I’m passionate about. I want to be great at something. I’m so jealous. I hate being jealous. My mom says it’s a nasty quality to have.

Some quotes tht rlly deep🤔
- “They say you are what you eat”
- “Polyamorous couples end like hamster death”
- “Treat others the way you want to be treated” 
- “Do or do not. There is no try.
- “Love wins.”

Love
I never believed i could fall in love in the way they tell you happens in media. Not that I considered myself above it or anything. It just hadn’t happened to me. And now here I am, paralysed, intoxicated, bursting with a feeling of love for a person who I have never met. Communicated with only online. I’m not like, defective or some shit. I’ve had plenty of partners and hookups whatever. But i have never felt like this for them, those who i could hold in my arms. Best I got is a selfie from them. Idk what this says about me, or about love itself, is it just an internal process which happens to one, with so little input needed from the external world?

Re if ur a write
ok I’ll consider never calling myself anything ever again lest I be lame

I just
Cant believe how strange it is to be anything at allllllll

Look at these idiots
Drinking coffee at night

.


Ugh


Stuck between Ventura and Canal


Re jealous
I have multiple hobbies and it has only made me more jealous

is anyone actually sharing their city and contact info
where is this information getting stored or displayed. my vpn is in la

If i hug you is it gonna hurt
Pain is a part of life

the city and contact i just see on the backend
ill probably make it display at some point

There’s line breaks now
For
Any poetry nuts 
out there

Went to confessions tn
Yea it fuckin sucked

.
if 
there is
Good
I hate periods

Angelicism01
Angelicism01 is going to teach a cult simulation course at New Centre 
It will be full of Europeans who are 10000 years behind 
It will be great
It will be a new film documentary

Transmen outrank everyone else in writing fanfiction
Males can’t write fanfiction full stop. Women can only spit out shitty fifty shades copies feat. some conventionally attractive pop culture man. Transmen have mastered the craft. I had bread for breakfast today

gilmore girls
did anyone have a mom like her

Re Average Erect Penis Size by Country (in centimeters and inches):
I’m going to the fucking Congo

Suck my cock


That diva corp thing
That diva corp write up was kinda a strange clout grab, not tryna dick ride the dick riders but kinda just a bread sandwich

N


Hawk tuah
Spit on that thang 😂

Migrant Crisis
Nigger

Migrant Crisis
Nigger

Migrant Crisis
Nigger

Title Fight
Yeah that’s the greatest band of all time you heard me

Arcane IPA
I am Vinkaldr the Fogweaver and my unmatched spellcraft shall paralyze your mind. You will feel my grip around your psyche. I am a master of arcane illusion. 

Did I mention my alchemical mixes, squire?  Many a Lord has been zooted after boofing a bottle of Vinkaldr’s Brainfog Dank IPA.

SNOW STRIPPERS
Toby “Tobuscus” Turner cited as major influence on Snow Strippers’ decision to pursue a career in content creation (in the field of music). 

Upon first hearing Tobuscus’ early song parodies, Schwaninger and Perez claim to have found immediate inspiration, stating that the songs “My Diamond Sword” and “Nugget In A Biscuit” had a huge impact on them. Their musical style would come to channel the energy of Toby Turner, or so they say. We have reached out for comment, but Toby “Tobuscus” Turner has not deigned to reply.

Eat it
Go yum in ur Belly

Poop dick
Band for band

PHYSIOGNOMY REAL?
I hate when ugly ppl say shit  about it making them funny or giving them a good personality… This is ugly cope… many uglies are incredibly boring and don’t have a ‘deep inner life’ they are not beautiful on the inside they are just boring and lame people, often very bitter… LIFE ISNT FAIR it’s not like there’s some character creation menu where if you are ugly you get more character points for personality accept it you’re UGLY AND BORING

Donson
https://m.soundcloud.com/donson2024/sets/donson?si=6b36f3a455b243cda36498271339bfd1&utm_source=clipboard&utm_medium=text&utm_campaign=social_sharing

"Angelicism is a cult simulation"
Hahahahaha shut the fuck up you goofy dickriding art colonizer 

Angelicism is for the braindead, it's for the "elite". It's the "cut cut 5 in Iran tomorrow" 

Ten people watching an iphone video on a projector. Ten slaves watching porn in front of the monitor. Angelicism is everything, I wonder what Father of a Tranny funded this project.

Re: Angelicism is a Cult Simulation
The Iran screening isn't Angelicism you fool it's Open Secret, organized by the mortal enemies of Angelicism who have been fighting in the hidden trenches of the esoteric tiktok video wars for like two years wouldn't expect you to know that though since angelicism has a whole branding operation that makes everyone think weird videos belong to him or something

This paltry website
Psuedointellectuals incels, femcels, brainrotted children rejoice. Please shut this website down it’s filled with racists, inept yappers, false prophets posing as artists and wannabe cosmopolitans. I am ashamed that I am aware of this website. People of this website dedicate your lives to going outside, learning something, being of value. You are not retardant, I can enflame you.

This paltry website
Psuedointellectuals incels, femcels, brainrotted children rejoice. Please shut this website down it’s filled with racists, inept yappers, false prophets posing as artists and wannabe cosmopolitans. I am ashamed that I am aware of this website. People of this website dedicate your lives to going outside, learning something, being of value. You are not retardant, I can enflame you.

Firefighters
I am tired of them. They have their big ass trucks and they ride them around all day. I have never once seen a fire, and as a solipsistic person that means they aren’t real. You are not fighting any fires, the only thing you are doing is burning a hole in the pocket of the taxpayer.

Re: This Website
Why do you care so much. So fucking sad really, like what are you so annoyed by. Just fucking funny saying that into thin air with no support or respect complete anonymity. Nobody cares about your sad little opinion you schizophrenic person. I have an idea: create twenty different new labels for you to identify people with. Because it seems like you are already grasping at internet points, desperately trying to curtail up your exp when in reality you booted up a Fortnite solos mission. You are on your own little buddy & nobody cares if you are mad or sad or angry at others on here. Youve created yourself to be lesser than others, now reap the rewards of being a boring person. Another day of Spite is on the horizon and lord knows your schedule for Friday is wide open.

Re: this paltry website
You’ve posted on here so many times maybe you need to log off and touch grass as well

Open Secret is just as shit
Could care less what the difference is

Their content could be compared to a chicken fight or child pornography.
 Low energy entertainment for demons and depersonalized drug addicts.

Keep sucking my dick im gonna cum


Keep sucking my dick
You recognize who's voice this is? You must be in some sort of Spite trance.
 Someone call the police for a wellness check on this poor boy.

He doesn’t love me anymore
a year and a half of the most beautiful relationship ever has been over for a few months now and i cannot accept it. i want to get back together but he told me he fell out of love with me while i was going through some crap. i don’t know how that it possible. he is so apathetic but i still love him. everyday i wait for him to call me and say sorry and ask to get back together so i can say yes. but he won’t do that. Our last phone call i told him it was the last time he will hear from me. i’m trying to stick to my word because i just can’t help myself .my poor little heart is broken

Typos
i get really upset at myself when i make a typo. i feel so stupid. Man who cares

@ this paltry website
I bet you’re fun at parties

Bigbacktivites
I don’t like when the person at the drive through charges me for extra dipping sauce. Are you serious? This can’t be. I’m paying all this fucking money to get food and you’re gonna do that.I would expect you to understand and just give me some on the house. Bad people in this world

I hope it rains super heavy in L.A soon it’s so nice and lush and smells so good I think!


Being gangstalked in new york city


Not a problem but
September is going to feel so good. I want to make great memories this season

im sorry Sophia
If only i could understand with that you, you are very hopeful

 if i can take more than a chance seventeen with seeing that also, never mind anything
 which is possibly what you had wanted. 

 Seventeen years having passed between what can happen again is 
always here 
even silently when you're sitting or crying, seeing you again. 

  im sorry for leaving after you faked tears pass down 
the highway without anything bad like the other people who 
block the world from connecting the dots 
are disparate?

No, I am joking for you. I am even like them.

Celibacy
Haven’t had sex in so long. I miss my 2022 bushwick sneaky link. I would marry him probably

Re: Open Secret is Just as Shit
Ooooh it's "content made for demons" , sorry the amateur tiktok videoslop was too "demonic" for you lmao ; sorry your astrological charts and your spooky ooky ouija board and your 2008 , 1990s DARE ahh media literacy told you that the eepy-creepy internet content hits 666 on the Kabbalah calculator ; r e l a x

Why are you taking the word "demonic" so literally
Also why are you upset? Who are you yelling at about this? Do you even know? & if you are just mad at someone elses words on a screen, what makes your thoughts or opinions any more sacred or real or right than whoever it is you are arguing with? You seem so gullible to the point you took some sort of real offense to the word "demonic", and then further spun your argument to some weird "oh you think creepypasta type lowlevel slock tiktok content is occult huh? You think it's evil huh?" Like who said that? Who took it to that definition? Because you are the first to spew that out. Kind of interesting. In a way by engaging in a conflict with this person you somehow already lost by revealing your absurd arrogance & short fuse. Which again, you dont even know & cant know & your own assumptions created further tension and anger in your head or something. Ill end this by saying again, who are you arguing with? Do you even know for sure what their intentions were?

I need evil advice
Whenever i talk to someone about my feelings towards my ex they say stuff like Ohh you’ll get throigh this it gets better NOT WHAT I WANT TO HEAR ATELL me to break no contact. Anyways how long should i wait to talk to him again? I told him i will never talk to him again less than a week ago

Having a yard sale soon Does this sign look good?
Would you go?

Re. Why are You Taking the Word Demonic Literally
Don't worry so much about it. Why you writing a whole ass review lol

Guy with shit on his jeans
S zoom in to see the shit on the butt

I wish i could delete some posts
Embarrassed of my Behaviour

Why do You type like this ?
some Words More Important than others Sometimes u just gotta capitalize A Words

Think this deserves to be the 1000 post


ONE THOUSANDTH POST
I MISS SMOKING METH!!!!

ONE THOUSANDTH POST
I MISS SMOKING METH!!!!

I just realized this is Reddit
I just realized this is Reddit

I Love You and i miss you
I love you and i miss you more than anything you are great please love me and miss me too please come back to me i love you and i miss you everyday when i wake up my first thought is about you when i go to sleep my last thought is about you I have thought about you sexually 1000 times this week

Just say something
I want to hear your voice and see your face and kiss your big lips and hold your wrist i want to pet you play with your hair kiss you over and over again i want to go to the zoo with you i want to lay on top of you i want to go to the grocery store with you once more i miss everything

Jonty Josh Safdie Vack
Safdie sucked my hole and I did shit on Jonty Vack is gay and Jewish and so rich I’m so sick of rich kids fuck gold fuck gold cash 4 gold books is a Alt lit plant I am the only one here who shaves hole I saw Jonty he was ano I’m not even please can u just for once say u love me and make my BPD go away faggot

Pretty sure mom is making Chilean sea bass for dinner tonight


Why do You type like this ?
some Words More Important than others Sometimes u just gotta capitalize A Words

Wu Tang Clan
Overrated

Wu Tang Clan
Overrated

Every single person who posted here is gonna get doxxed btw
Btw

Any1 want to carpool to the creed concert in San Bernardino tomorrow?
Help a sister out

this is internet
this is reddit this is 4chan this is kiwifarms this is  xanga this is livejournal this is quora this is craigslist this is Stack Overflow this is allfordmustangs.com forum

Just found out that Vin Diesel plays Dungeons and Dragons
Simply epic :^)

to everyone who went to the snow strippers last night
if you compared our contributions to society and the planet earth side by side you’d be shocked because you probably think they wouldn’t be that different but i have actually had a far greater negative impact on this world

Beautiful River Day
Time for a youtube video & a smoke

I Love You Will
You’re my sharp shooter

feeling south african today


i wonder how many times you had sex and i wonder do you know who’ll be next
wonder i do

Dirty Laundry
A man at the hotel sitting outside in a chainsmoking crossfire spoke to me and said “Do you know what Malboro stands for” — Men Always Remember Ladies Because Of Romantic Occasion’s  

It may objectively be ugly but think about it as like losing your first tooth or learning how to ride a bicycle. The scrapes may not look nice, but you can travel real far .

People are people 
None of it’s intentional 
Never attribute to malice 
What can be attributed to incompetence 

There is no more time for destitution 
Expel the spirits 
Name your price

sugar man won't ya hurry cuz im tried of these scenes
these sacred scenes

This bed is two days old
Milo cannot calm himself when I leave him to go to the bathroom

What happened to aesthetics
Sometimes I hate LA but I also love it for the same reasons I hate it. Things used to be more beautiful. This car looks like a quasimodo transformer. WHAT THE FUCK

Lighter was Dead
So I had to bike and get one, but I didn't let it affect my mood/return to the river 

40 minute Youtube video flooding my senses on playback speed 1.5

Yeah my mom was a lot like the mom in gilmore girls
I would have to comfort her when she was crying all the time and make her food and wake her up in the morning etc and she would joke about me parenting her lol

Re: Gilmore girls mom
Being parentified sucks and it’s something I am working so hard to undo in my adulthood. Being in low contact w my family and living in a different state helps. Also multiple 12 step programs therapy self help books friends and trying to reconnect w my inner child lol. I still don’t know how to take care of myself but I’m trying.

toilet handles vs buttons and self automatic flushing
Hey, what’s the deal with not using toilet handles anymore? Are we too cool for that? Personally, the best part of the toilet experience is pushing that handle down, even when it fights back a little bit and you have to push harder than normal. I can’t stand these button flushers and self automatic toilets anymore.

Slut!!!!!!!!!
I regret asking u if ur fucking other people. Now my feelings r hurt and ur a slut.

You know whats crazy af
When you get one of those toilets you need to hold down for like 30 seconds to flush all the shit. And you run up a normal style flush and it just spins around and laps at the bowl an youre like ewww WTF let me hold dat sucka down

dear mr putin
how can we help sabotage the election

Talk to Me When Horny


Talk to Me When You're Horny


🍆💦Hermosa chica de cuerpo atletico, 💯% real 🍒🍑 Beautiful girl with an athletic body, 100% real
hola corazon, soy una chica ardiente dispuesta a complacer todas tus fantasias,
estare pocos dias en la ciudad, soy 100% real, puedes hacer una videollamada de
verificacion siempre y cuando el servicio este confirmado.
Hello sweetheart, I am a hot girl willing to please all your fantasies, II'll
be in town for a few days, am 100% real, you can make a verification video call
as long as the service is
confirmed.
✅️Horario de disponibilidad: 8 am a 12 am / Availability hours: 8 am to 12 am
🚫 No policias /not police
🚫 no estafadores/ not scammers
🚫 no juegos/no games

Your sock
It was in your cleaning and now I’m throwing it in the garbage

Your sock
It was in your cleaning and now I’m throwing it in the garbage

Your sock
It was in your cleaning and now I’m throwing it in the garbage

Houselessness
I gave a hobo on w Adams the rest of my Chinese food tray because I got really full and there was a lot of chow mein left. He threw it against a nearby wall because I didn’t give him any money so I Patrick Bateman’d him in broad day light

Houselessness
I gave a hobo on w Adams the rest of my Chinese food tray because I got really full and there was a lot of chow mein left. He threw it against a nearby wall because I didn’t give him any money so I Patrick Bateman’d him in broad day light

Life is too easy
Just have plots and motion and link with factors bro its easy if you cant figure it out probably something wrong with u ngl

Re: Life is too easy
Don’t you ever get tired of the patronizing fake nonchalant wiggerbonics voice bro? You sound mad pressed. Have you ever had a personality of your own? A song in your heart?

I love my mutuals
I would rather die than lose them

Re:  Re: Life is too easy
Sounds like you have trouble with anger

Upload for free
Follow @uploadforfree for this but different

ran out of spite now I think life is beautiful
I take it all back, all the spite I put on the spite timeline, it's raining right now and it's all really beautiful and does anyone have a spare cigarette?

Re: Re: Re: Life is too easy
No, but it does sound like someone let you down in a big way. Maybe more times than you would have liked.

Fake blonde, I miss her
She was iconic, the only one that truly made me feel like I was on top of the world, a face that couldn’t be compared to anyone else’s, your love was like a drug the addiction I had for you was so strong. I am still feeling dependent and getting withdrawals of wanting to be with you. Yet I left, everyone told me it wouldn’t work and I listened, not to myself but the people around me. A few states away and you are still there, I know I can get you back, but the position I’m in now, I know it won’t last.

Everyone’s either weird or slow
These days

i think i just Hate People #2
What is the point of going to a bar/club if you’re just going to fucking sit and talk to the 2 other people you came with. Talk to random people. You’re insecure and fear rejection which is stupid because no one thinks of you that much. It’s not hard. Just do it. Don’t act weird. Alsp don’t be mean i fucking hate mean people

Shark 17
Fuck shark17

Mean people here Mean people There Mean people Everywhere
Cooler 2 be kind.

need some dick from a LADbible-style guy
Asap

Why Didn’t You Post My List of Things I’m Banned From
It’s really funny
feeling SPITEful rn…

Re banned list
1. It was too long
2. Felt self congratulatory  
3. Not a big fan of lists usually
4. I can't post everything and also I usually don't post my favorite things because I want people to GO ON THE WEBSITE I MADE AND READ IT ON HERE LOL

Fucking
I haven’t had sex yet

On bed
clean line-dried sheets smells like the sun all organic cotton linen and wool including mattress, buckwheat pillow. i have invested money to make a sanctuary because i invest so much time to this special place. one side is for sleep the other is to lounge, anywhere is to get down. it is always there for me to be alone but there is room for another. a bed of ones own, so sacred, time to cry a place to waste time a place to escape. ultimate comfort. thank you god for my very own bed

miss new mexico
fml

I know who Sneak Beach is


my cat mochi..
upon my waking, Mochi, who had suddenly lept on my chest, halted from the licking of the backs of his paws and, slinking languidly his head to   my right ear, meowed, saying: 

“It is like this. [The monstera] knows nowhere. Lifting its arms, sees sun no better than, having separated from its center, rotted and died. -in the morning- turns to the recognition of oneself going somewhere. It’s true you remember me. But knowing must go on, from without and for, from, as those 'we' are syllables of many other simple things.”  And as     such he retched, vomiting greenery on my pillow
While investigating my monstera, which had been old and sick, I discovered little but stem. There was the pot, a simple cylinder, within arials of dirt uneven on the surrounding tile, scattered, neatly, everywhere . 
a sunbeam rendered the monstera's shadow as a line toward me. It was Friday...

Re adding line breaks
I can express in mere words what it would take others whole paragraphs to expound

No james aaronson cock pick
James aaronson didn’t post cock because he is a liar and a coward who disrespects and disobeys his wife. Also won’t talk about his mother

husband wont show cock
our marriage is falling apart because hes shy

I Love You Again and Again and Again
Even as you are

Anyone got a lighter
Plz

Re: Anyone got a lighter
I gotchu.

Person who says Re:
im gnna stab u

Giys im scared
What if

Catastrophic


Rihanna


I think dveryone hates me


Everything is perfect with you
We could do anything and it would be the best time of my life.because im with you I love you i love you i love you i love you

I’m really with this shit


Fake catholicism is played out, is fake orientalist-style muslim reversion possible?
Or is it too tainted by Tate and those ISIS hoodlums? It would be a good way to piss people off.

Fake catholicism is played out, is fake orientalist-style muslim reversion possible?
Or is it too tainted by Tate and those ISIS hoodlums? It would be a good way to piss people off.

Anyone can write for spite
But can they make it on the spite Instagram page?

Wtf do i have to do to get my writing featured on the spite ig
I wrote things that are way better than what’s being posted but im not getting any clout wtf

Wtf do i have to do to get my writing featured on the spite ig
I wrote things that are way better than what’s being posted but im not getting any clout wtf

I fuckinf hate this bar stop making me go
Winnie’s contains a group of people I have no business being around
No pleasure
No enjoyment
Just dudes with tote bags

drifting to sleep
feeling safe and protected in the arms of the man you love after passionate and satisfying sex for the third time this week, after an evening with an open line of communication where you feel heard, more importantly understood about your opinions on, ideas of, experiences in, and troubles with the world around you.

wealth status success cannot buy this

Things I’ve done while drinking
Drove, used paper towels to strain flies from vodka then drank it, finished leftover backwashed beer at parties, stole boxed wine from 7/11, wet my ex’s bed, wet a hookup’s bed, wet my own bed, passed out on the bar, threw a shoe at my ex in Saint Martin, made out with two people in front of another ex on two separate occasions, called the police on yet another ex because we were fighting, slapped and pushed loved ones, lost contact with reality in Portland and Columbus, woke up to being raped, woke up to having been raped, yelled at my best friend that I hope she got raped, forgot much of my life

I fucked up my contact info on that last one


How dare you
How dare you break my heart in June. You ruined my summer. It’s August now, which means it’s practically winter already. Following the same logic, I am 28, which means I might as well be dead. A door has closed behind me and I can hear the latch clicking.

Asap rocky 2024
now i need to go to paris fashion week

I’m hopelessly in love with her
She might like me too but I can’t tell her how I feel because I’m fucked up

Ashamed of myself
I have long held affections for someone who doesn’t entirely appear capable of reciprocating them, yet I am incapable of exercising any agency or sufficiently advocating for myself. At this point, it feels as if the problem lies with me - the longer I fail to be assertive, the more miserable my situation appears to become. There is no real solution other than to eventually wake up one day and dismiss whatever consequences may befall me… Standard relationship frustrations but I can’t tolerate my own internal failings for all that much longer

When some people think u can see their face contract with effort
When im thinking you have no idea im thinking anything

Cha cha lounge
A shit hole w shit people 
Sucks. I used to love it. Saw a shooting star for the first time while writing this.  So amazed I can’t even be mad.

Cha Cha Lounge
Fuck that stupid place. u might get laid but at what cost. ugly ass boys who look like truffle pigs

Names
NAME DROPPING NEXT TIME

I’m surprised
That no one has spammed the n word yet

I just squirted ❤️


august
august is maybe the longest month. there’s no way to actually confirm that, but it is the 66th day of august now. i would like to be released of it and i would like to wash my hands. no months come after august, though. so it will just be this or it will be nothing

Art issue
I struggle writing fictions about heroes because I secretly do (anti)hero stuff do real...

I’m doing a spin move
With my tingaling

I sucked the editor of spites dick
and it tastes like onions and smelled like mushrooms

Is that egoistic?
I would definitely sell sexual services for the sake of helping the planet and people but my girlfriend doesn't want me to do so.

It's a trick
You think I’m crazy, yes? It’s okay, many people say this. But listen, you must listen. What I say is true, even if it sound strange. They are watching us, always watching.

There is a website, it is called *SPITE*. Name seems harmless, no? Just a place online where anyone can write what they want, with no name, no face. Anonymous. A place to put anger, to let it out. But you see? This is how they catch you. How they catch *all* of us.

First time I find *SPITE*, it is late at night. I was searching the internet, going deep, you know? This place, *SPITE*, it felt wrong. People write their darkest thoughts, their deepest feelings, and nobody knows who they are. Just words. Words floating in the dark.

I thought it was just some strange website, but then I saw the patterns. Same words, same phrases, again and again, in different posts. They did not feel human. Too cold, too perfect, too… alien.

I try to forget, but it stays in my mind. *SPITE* is not just a website. It is something more, something bad. *SPITE* is not made by humans. It is made by them. The aliens. They use it to study us, to learn how we think, how we feel. And we give them this for free, like sheep to the butcher.

Think for a moment. All these posts, all these secrets, all this anger—it is perfect for them. They see inside our minds, they find our weak points. And when they know enough, they will attack. They will use what they know to control us, to make us fight each other until there is nothing left.

You think I am paranoid? Maybe. But tell me, have you ever tried to find who runs *SPITE*? I did. I find nothing. No names, no faces, just a shadow, something that hides in the dark, controlling everything. Is this not strange to you?

And the posts—oh, the posts. They are not just words. They are weapons. Little seeds of fear, of doubt, put inside our heads, waiting to grow, to destroy us. The aliens use *SPITE* to make us hate each other, to create chaos. This is their plan. A psychological operation—*psyops*, you know?—to make us weak before they come for us.

You think I am crazy. That my mind is sick. But what if I am right? What if *SPITE* is the tool they use to take over? To take over our minds, our world?

I tell you this because someone must. Because we need to wake up, to see the truth before it is too late. The aliens are real, and *SPITE* is their weapon. Don’t let them win. Don’t give them your thoughts, your secrets. They are listening. Always listening.

And they are coming.

Re: this paltry website
Hmm. Paltry. Sounds a lot like poultry. Yo chickenhead! I’d advise you to be less ashamed. Quite a task tbf. The voice of the people is rotten and disgusting. Fact. To which your huffing and puffing I’d say, is a paltry offer, maybe even another paltry bruise in the totally raped social fabric. Hombre to hombre, take your own advice

an imposing and dangerous person came to my house and made me take kraotm
I'm afraid that I'm vulnerable to further attacks and may be going to bad places

a delicatessen attracts freaks and dangerous individuals.
parades of methheads just STREAM through the fucking deli. there's no stopping them. definitely no helping them or enforcing any kind of change. 

in the wild, if I saw a freak I could fight him, or at least run, but instead we all just have to stand there. they aren't communicating with us, and they don't intend to, they just vomit words, completely hebephrenic and meaningless, repeating everything four or five times. 

this asshole keeps appearing every day, keeps complaining about the turkey being "five hundred dollars". he repeats everything like a really autistic kid in middle school trying to get approval with a joke that isn't funny and doesn't make sense. he has no awareness of any people around him, or whether people are actually listening to him, and he doesn't so much speak to other people, instead speaking to the world outside him as a whole. kept asking my coworker "how can you sleep at night?" repeatedly, thrashing his head around and bumping into old ladies trying to buy salmon.

I HAVE NEVER FELT TIRED IN MY LIFE
which I feel guilty and ashamed about.

beautiful quot
"I saw Soren Kirkegaard crashed the fuck out at mcdonalds"

-Allen ginsberg, "Howl"

I love you amerikkkan first world pedophile allen ginSSberg

Why tweet
When you could spite

She got that Earl Sweatshirt pussy!
Ghi

Paltry website? More like Poultry Website!
Cause you're all chicken! thr

Re Re: The Paltry website
FUCK i was too late to make the Poultry joke

The Yoga instructor won’t go as deep as i need
She played Taylor Swift and asked us to lie down on bolsters
Thats not what i want

IMPORTANT
Bruh this site loads every single post shit's laggy as hell I love the site but you gotta either put it in pages or batch what posts are loaded otherwise it's just gonna be unusable in a few weeks

Kratom is like NAFTA powder
If you ask me to elaborate, you will be reported.

I just squirted again ❤️


It’s nice to wake up
It’s a joy to wake up and check my phone. Silly fun. My joy doubles when I make my Instagram rounds, ay. Stupid good. Triples when I catch up on the spite feed, hah hah yuh. That’s that shit. then I lose all lucidity, my joy levels skyrocket …I click the link in bio and read up on every pos(t)er. Kicking my feet in the air. Asking—what did I miss? Then immediately finding out…. O joy

effective. Power لُلُصّبُلُلصّبُررً ॣ ॣh ॣ ॣ 冗


I want to leave early.
Should I make myself vomit or thug it out?

Myself
Holy fuck, man, this cannot be real. How the fuck am I supposed to exist as a thinking animal? The vast majority of people ignore themselves—they hide from their thoughts, impulses, and emotional responses to this world. How do you live like this and not want a better world? Fucking generations upon generations of consumers and self-hating dilettanti. How am I or anyone else supposed to get anything done when every time I open my eyes, there is nothing but violence and neglect to be seen everywhere.

Anonymous cb4c1736-219c-4699-a9a7-2b3bcc9a5285
Anonymous cb4c1736-219c-4699-a9a7-2b3bcc9a5285 i will find you

Digital Peoples
All these transgressive digital ppl are tired. Open Secret, ANGELICISM, ANGELICISM ANGELICISM, whatever that is. The memes like Poorspigga, the landians, the grave robbed theorygram remains, the AI fed offshoots. and the fucking “artists” sotce, *rando feds 1, 2, 3* bussy_whipped, meltdownyourbooks. The shitty performance artists…the shitty performance artists. 

 I think we all know we’re tired. We should discuss this or throw it out entirely. I hope I am being helpful.

Franz Kafka Diary
I woke up and I was surrounded by Digital Peoples

Back at River Again
Beautiful bright day smoking & being a little sensually gay with the watermelon with mint

Meow
Meow back

re: meow
meow purrrr

Drink water
Hydrate

I Love Skin


Recession poem
we used to walk in the mornings to maru coffee
See critically acclaimed films
Wine bottles aplenty 
guests happy thrills
Now this tortillas gone flat
The trap house cleaned up and the clean house grew odors
sideways figures on the couch
Which is now leather
No one has money
But- no one had money before!
But now
They really don't have money

Totem pol
Soliloquy

Re myself
Get over yourself!

Absolutely insane strategy relevant to DATING
Informed beau that I would be unable to message over the course of the weekend. Almost instant double messaging, links to songs. Could it all be so simple?

Wtf is this online shit
Sometimes i dissociate when i realize im having a serious conversation abt something called angelicism and open secret and bussy whipped and meltdownurdhits and feel like woah i thought id be a doctor when i grow up not someone who runs 5 social media accounts

Thank you Spite
the natural course of spite and anger is for it to pass. i no longer want to be an experimental artist nor writer. the notion of nyc is fading like a bittersweet nightmare...

I’m still really with this shit
Yall know how i’m bummin

square water
most of you are drinking square or pentagonal water, really you should be drinking reformatted hexagonal water. Anything less than 6 sides is fucking you up. Whatever is wrong with you would probably be fixed

i struggle with cringe
My biggest fear when I start a new relationship is the possibility and frequency of cringe that i might feel over really normal things .. its my biggest enemy

recent posts
love the idea of this site neutralizing the detrimental urge to be a coastal artist. how do i test for hexagonal water

Spite is my problem
It’s a psyop

Spite is fine and will blow over
Spite is just a flavour of the month and i’d be surprised if it lasts a month. It doesn’t matter. People unhappy, or surprised, that people are being mean online about a scene, culture, whatever you want to call it, that produces nothing worthwhile except a social stratification. That everyone relishes to chance to be awful about their peers only shows how shitty and insubstantial ~art~ is. Who cares

i miss you
every road leads back to you

IWMOE


re: I’m still really with this shit
i want you

Honey and Darling's Shop
I live the life my trolls wish they had they are unemployed losers		ʚ♡⃛ɞ(ू•ᴗ•ू❁)
who spend all day on YouTube and can’t get women I rule them all		ʚ♡⃛ɞ(ू•ᴗ•ू❁)
I make more being a celebrity than they make in 40 hours.		ʚ♡⃛ɞ(ू•ᴗ•ू❁)
Trolls will never win they are jealous of my life because I make		ʚ♡⃛ɞ(ू•ᴗ•ू❁)
more in a day than they do in 400 hours a week of work. I will get		ʚ♡⃛ɞ(ू•ᴗ•ू❁)
a new better place to live soon and they will still live in the		ʚ♡⃛ɞ(ू•ᴗ•ू❁)
basement.		ʚ♡⃛ɞ(ू•ᴗ•ू❁)

Delusion Posting


Re re i’m still really with this shit


men dressed up like women
stay out of women and children's bathrooms boner haver

anyone notice how much black people love sea moss?


Zero sarcasm, irony, or bitterness when I say this:
Hiiiiiiiiiiiiii

Girls being got is boring
Girls need to stop thinking that being hot and a girl is enough, it’s not, its boring

Re girls being hot is annoying
I mean i understand. Girls who are hot and have nothing else going for them. But it’s just human nature. Anything else is cope

Egirl cookbook
Spoonful of anorexia
Dash of esotericism
Sprinkle of angelicism
gentle salting of slurs
pinch of socioeconomics
Smattering of selfies
Bake halfway and then lightly fry
Serve hot

Peter Vack Reposts Everything
He doesn’t care even if it was a random picture of a tree if it has his name he would repost it, he is like Spite fr
Try it

Rich boy to producer pipeline
rich white private school boys were born to produce the most mid music you’ve ever heard

Here is an ice cream for u


When an ugly stranger calls u twin✋🏻 🙅🏼‍♀️NO BITCH


My old drug dealer keeps harassing me and get me set up to get arrested
I’m going to have to kill my old plug because he won’t stop harassing me and trying to entrap me. The problem is his parole officer will launch an investigation into his murder. So I have normalized calling the police on his residence claiming he’s going insane and threatening to kill himself. I hope they get him soon :D :D

Question for Spite users
Have you ever cheated on a partner? Have you been cheated on?

imagining
on my lunch break imagining the tweaker currently dancing on the patio of this coffee place starts smashing his head on the table, splattering me with tweaker blood so i can text my boss a pic of me with tweaker blood on me so i can leave early and drink

re question for spite users
yes both and also been the 3rd party, cheating is bad tho it’s not cool

Cheated and been cheated on


the wigger and the native are hardly discernible both move so similarly you gotta check the last nam
The last name RainWater.. Could it be that wiggers are not derivative of black culture, but native culture?! THE COWBOY AND THE INDIAN = THE TRUE WIGGER!!!

"He who trims himself to suit everyone will soon whittle himself away.”
If you are reading this you’ll be okay

attention
once you get a taste of fame or notoriety you feel compelled to keep the feedback circuit going. you have to keep posting, you have to keep selling, you have to keep reminding everyone how hard you exist and how amazing your products are.

people either get conned into your own delusion or they become tired of your narcissistic and vapid self promotion. but you can’t stop, because that first wave of validation - it was so good. so here we are. in heaven.

Everyone I know is a sociopath
Maybe I am the Sociopath. I don't care at least I love me and that's all that matters :3

Justice shot
I'm so efficient it would  be existentially unfair  if I wasn't broke

Lowkey embroiled
This website used to  piss me off now I love it so deeply and warmly  I have so many feelings  I want to hate fuck that guy that smokes by the river

Lowkey embroiled
This website used to  piss me off now I love it so deeply and warmly  I have so many feelings  I want to hate fuck that guy that smokes by the river

I am the guy who smokes by the river
Send nudes to my ig

new york is just worse montreal
new york is just worse montreal

hayat
hayat yasamak istiorummm baska bi sey degil..

put your  girl pussy on  yes


modern problems
poor villager   woman who got bored of  missing her   husband abroad and Started  scissoring with her  neighbor

Desire
People think they want to be free from desire, since as Orientals would have us believe, desire (and the inability to satisfy it in terms suitable to us) is the root cause of suffering. And sure I get that. But desire is also a satisfying hobby. I’ve been free from desire, and it’s hellish. At least pining gives you something to think about, ambition something to work towards

ım jus a energy
my  manic episode is so Hard  i  have to ride it  amk

when annem said şikayet ettiğinden çok şükret she was really onto smthn


To the turkish poster
Hey i’ll get a chicken kebab lettice onion tomato garlic cheese and a sprite

not to be an ape but exercise and banana kinda slaps


So tired at work
So I lay on the floor. I smoked weed last night and saw spiders everywhere.

şarap & iskender kebap
you should definitely experience the şarap and iskender kebab duo aşkım, you’ll thank me for this

Can we make spite dating app
Ay

I write
For spite

I’m still with this shit


I’m here and i am present


Spite dating app wouldn’t work
All the girls would go for moi and you chumps would be left with your dick in your hands

ı love me after you
i love me during you

kızlar..
im glad i aint nicki minaj cuz “i fucked wayne yeah i fucked drake” wouldnt make any sense at all

You need to stop celebrating your friends art
It isn’t very good. Most of your friends aren’t talented.

pussy from
i need my titties in his mouth while i very much tenderly and passionate (😞) jerk him off

brat
artık charlie xcxden nefret ettiğimi söylemenin zamanı gelmişti..,, she’s trying too fuckin hard yall.. way too fuckin hard. Like ok we get it you know what ketamine is?? Big fuckin deal bitch.

fun fact
youre in his dms, i'm in his subconscious mind, he dreams about me every night, i am in the back of his mind like an intrusive thought, i am in his oracular visions and he sees me as an omen. he is terrified and simultaneously powerfully magnetized to me. i haunt him like a ghost

Marriage
All my married coworkers complain about marriage. Say that your life is over, no more sex, you get fat, your wife gets fat. I want to believe in love

I NEED HIM/HER/THEY WHATEVER ITS PRONOUNS ARE
god if he aint the one MAKE him the one. im begging to all the holy spirits. dear universe, allah, the prophets, god and goddesses… make me the perfect one for him and him for me 🙏🏻 youre the alpha the omega and everything in between,, u can make anything happen.

Girl posting about subconscious
This is true. I am in love and i never expected to be, considering i lack the basic decency to love. Since this illness i have dreamt of them every night. Everything i see reminds me of them. Previous poster is quite correct. Like a form of schizophrenia

funny
muhtemelen buradaki tek türkiyeli kız benım 🫣🛤️💓

yeni rakı
people are endless possibilités
 rather than oppurtunity
   life is a rarity
     rather than a simulation

            i choose the first ones as a mantra
               because Latter ones lack love  

                     but then some rarities are shitty in life
                              not all unique is necessarily good

Didn’t take long for someone
To post themselves

Can a Spite Girl Give me Top Until I almost Cum While I'm Touching & Kissing Your Skin & Body Parts
And then missionary cum inside of you & lay on you relaxing inside for awhile & fall to sleep

Can a Spite Girl Give me Top Until I almost Cum While I'm Touching & Kissing Your Skin & Body Parts
And then missionary cum inside of you & lay on you relaxing inside for awhile & fall to sleep

No spite girl is gonna give you pussy bro
Come help us the machine has broken down

formspring
ama

What are you wearing?
I'm wearing a KCRW t-shirt, cut-off double-knee jeans, gray quarter socks, olive Dansko mules ;)

A thousand spite posts and I still don’t see any Writing?
You guys need to hurry. One day you will die and there will be no time to get noticed by the creative-industrial complex. Today is when your book begins.

If your girl writes on spite
If your girl writes on spite that’s your boyfriend bro. If your girl writes on spite you’re single to me bro.

Re: yeni raki
The woman in the photo seems lovely, I would like to be in contact

Re re yeni raki
Come on man

Margaret
I can’t help it that my mother is an actress !

Re re re yeni raki
Pleaseeeee

dirty nyc whores
wait so you’re telling me I can denounce with extreme precision and specificity of personal details every whore in nyc who has ever wronged me and out them as the worthless holes everyone suspects them to be? just kidding nobody should trust you gossipy faggots to protect their identity

"With extreme specificity and precision"
Great choice of words! Were you by any chance in a motor vehicle accident in the past 3 years?

hi
i'm what i do

Car accident
Yeah that was me why?

Thinking
Life

Re Can a Spite Girl Give me Top Until I almost Cum While I'm Touching & Kissing Your Skin & Body Par
les femmes de Spite n'existe pas*

it’s ok to not
it’s ok to not be a writer in your 20s i think it’s a good time to practice tho

This
U guys have stupid and weird sayings and all but U exist so i cant do much abt that so Good luck

Spite isn't really doing that well
It's an interesting idea I guess and I'm glad we're having fun on the internet but like look how many followers spite has it's not that many most of these posts on the spite website are probably from the same people and there honestly isn't much engagement on the actual ig posts either . Kind of disappointing maybe we need to shake things up. Clout doesn't grow on trees

Here is a drunk, young man
I am thankful to spite, I don’t want or expect pity, I am sure I am not the only person — FAG NIGGER CUNT (tick) — I mean, it’s nice to have a place to say whatever and not subject everyone to the whims of thought and hate and love that pass through.

Im tired
I want to go to the bar but im tired Might sleep there

I find pleasure in making people nervous
Really scared some people at the bar last night by being myself. Should i do it again?

Don’t play with fart bombs in your house
It smells Sooo bad omg eewwww

Poem
I like beans,
I like sauce.
I like sexual
Inter course.

I miss the vaginal skin
Maybe Im starting to miss the warm and gentle touch of the vaginal skin between my fingers... Or im just too afraid of ordering a pizza. 



:3

Woke up from my nap. Shits about to get real weird


I miss the old days


Im Happy
Im happier than a bass in a lake. 

So happy grinning and dimples out oh I am filled with joy for the future and the present and I am having a fantastic dopamine rush!

Y.O.L.O
Young
Only
Lasts
Once

Haterz
I like this concept <3 Keep fighting #Freedom of Speech. so cute actually i stumbled here and i see nothing but going up ^ - ^

Made it to the creed concert without you
Made it to creed without you bitches! Fuck alt literature

Made it to the creed concert without you
Made it to creed without you bitches! Fuck alt literature

exciting business opportunity
can someone get spite a sprite sponsorship/collaboration?
#spitewithsprite #sipspritewithspite #spitefulsprite #spritebeforespite

I saw a creek
Creek

i just did so much nitrous
with someone i didn’t love. it was exhilarating and he kept grabbing my leg in between hits in a juvenile but endearing way. i left at midnight.

It’s juat how i feel


My type
I prey on men with mommy problems, they truly appreciate my cooking and fantastic breasts like nobody else

If they’re that fantastic
Post them

Ok
My ex and I are finally going to leave each other alone or whatever but I will build him a house you will see you will all see

I'm alright
I'm doing great. I must really have divine protection.

Your alt lit-future endeavors given historical precedents


The final scene in the Godfather
I think about taking out all my opps in one day p regulalry. Similar to The Godfather when Michael Corleone kills all the dons of the five families. Is that just my spite? Am I mentally ill? The answer is prolly yes.

Gm
My Gm stands for get money, but good morning tho.

My problem is Israel
I can't tell what my stance should be on Israel Palestine. A lot of people think the whitest should own all of Israel. idk if you agree with that. I just think it's funny.

R burds real?
Am thinking burds aint real. Do y'all believe in burds n shiet?

Spite
Drink Spite Get Agitated

Diet Spite
this r serius cat this r serius thred

Donald Trump
Trump is reading Spite

? Problem ?
Boom Spite

Motivational Spite
We need to talk about the importance of Spite.

Drinking Too Much Spite
Bitter sip of spite
cold poison on the tongue's edge
heartache in each drop

Spite poem
I like sexting
I like bed 
Most of all i like
Getting head

Is my friend Alex on spite?
Hi Alex say hi if you see this

i want spite brand deal
pr package when

quasimatt.com
quasimatt.com

I love Peter Vack
I don’t understand why everyone wants me to blur Peter Vack out
I love him, hes the most open sincere creative experimental artist making art right now

I love Peter Vack
I don’t understand why everyone wants me to blur Peter Vack out
I love him, hes the most open sincere creative experimental artist making art right now

dream i just woke up from 2 sec ago
dream about beautiful felicia atkinson song about elfs and such, listening to it at a dinner table

passing into the restaurant my father looked at me in the way ive always hated like he was checking me for something that i could never hide

the song was a spoken word thing by two people and i listened to it whole sitting at the big dinner table.

soon the women at the head of the table (i  didnt know them) started plsying music for voice and piano. they had a small argument about the name of the pieces and when they turned to the rest of the table in mock exasperation of eachother their eyes were red and very tired.

at home i knew people were going through my closet and i would have to sell them all my clothes, and was worrying over the prices i would have to give them

Babacita Moment Got Me Going Sideways
Never going, gotta keep going on the highway

Mamacita want me to run it up

Rackys to the moon and the sky still going up

Babacita Moment Got Me Going Sideways
Never going, gotta keep going on the highway

Mamacita want me to run it up

Rackys to the moon and the sky still going up

Vackintosh Plus
I dont know who Peter Vack is, btw

I just discovered a new type of animal
I’m not yet sure if it has a pussy or a penis

Problem?
░░░░▄▄▄▄▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▄▄▄▄▄▄
░░░░█░░░░▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒░░▀▀▄
░░░█░░░▒▒▒▒▒▒░░░░░░░░▒▒▒░░█
░░█░░░░░░▄██▀▄▄░░░░░▄▄▄░░░█
░▀▒▄▄▄▒░█▀▀▀▀▄▄█░░░██▄▄█░░░█
█▒█▒▄░▀▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░█░░░▒▒▒▒▒█
█▒█░█▀▄▄░░░░░█▀░░░░▀▄░░▄▀▀▀▄▒█
░█▀▄░█▄░█▀▄▄░▀░▀▀░▄▄▀░░░░█░░█
░░█░░▀▄▀█▄▄░█▀▀▀▄▄▄▄▀▀█▀██░█
░░░█░░██░░▀█▄▄▄█▄▄█▄████░█
░░░░█░░░▀▀▄░█░░░█░███████░█
░░░░░▀▄░░░▀▀▄▄▄█▄█▄█▄█▄▀░░█
░░░░░░░▀▄▄░▒▒▒▒░░░░░░░░░░█
░░░░░░░░░░▀▀▄▄░▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒░█
░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀▄▄▄▄▄░░░░░█

Good news
The rape machine is working again

I’ve had enough of it girls and I think we need a new rock star
I’ve had enough of it girls. If you’re being mean and hot for a living in a post modern meta self aware way you’re still just mean and hot. It’s not interesting. Care about something real. It’s good to be sincere

shitty music
🎼💿🖤🔳

Too many grocery stores


Just found out about This


A lot of you on here
A lot of you on here

8 of my posts have made it onto the spite instagram page
I want people to know Who i Am

Ahould i do a face reveal
Might do it i need attention

Being gangstalked AGAIN


I see yoy
At birds nest cafe

Spite needs an intern or prayers
Admin needs help. Idk admin. I can just tell. A poster’s intuition. Put out good vibes for admin. Morale could be better. All yall are literally crazy and evil and assholes. Admin rly gotta deal with some bullshit. Keep em in your prayers.

Would you
throw it back for a melancholic pervert with scurvy?

Re: I see yoy
Hello

hello
im a pseudointellectual wannabe cosmopolitan

Order only
If I were a bookstore I’d keep you in stock forever

I wonder
I wonder if Jon Rafman is ever like “Creston is a n****r” lol

you may not bring your white wife
you may not bring your white wife

my best friend's girlfriend is in love with me
and i am in love with her. I've never felt this before. even vack couldn't have written this - I don't know what to do

Billy steps down
And spite posts the article about spite not doing so well on instagram? On the same day? Coincidence? 
??

U see a hot girl on Instagram but like she's on Instagram but ur heart may not know the difference
I'm in a better group chat than u and u don't even know it but it's not because I'm trying to be a dick about it either it's because I really did it man and when I'm really moving differently I can't look at the iPhone and not feel it piercing and hurting me

I’m not showing my face anymore
It ruined my life

White Knight With a Black Heart
Text

Too many fake painters
too many people making worthless meaningless art. trendy, sellable art

Halloween costume ideas
Smurfette
DFW
Sexy Sheldon Cooper
Curious George 
Ex bisexual meme
Horse with no name

A crush is just a lack of information


What are Jeremy Fragrance’s thoughts on Glossier You
Does anyone know

Recently multiple people have asked me if I’ve seen anyone die
I don’t think I have, but isn’t it weird I can’t answer definitively? Seems like something you’d remember one way or the other.

Quote from my Polish mom
I watch Tom and Jerry for the cat, mostly. But he’s always getting beat up. And he’s bigger than the mouse!

Someimes we think of ourselves as a lot tougher than we are
When I was younger I used to think Of myself as like a bad bitch lol that would reject men and scam them and get all this shit, but like there were tons of times my boundaries got completely totaled even when I was getting shit.... 

You think of yourself as someone that would break someone's nose and then you don't

What should we do about Chinese people?
Thoughts?

Ella Emhof or Angelicism?
Ella Emhof or Angelicism? You decide.

scared
the weed is scaring me can somebody hold my hand (I'm 5'4 btw)

Title: THUG that shid out! don’t tell NObody what u reallt goin thru cuz they don’t give a fuck !!!
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.
Support fat sex workers.

Figaro (September)
Figaro Figaro
How I love your bistrot
Every hour is happy 
When I can save my dough 
At Figaro Bistrot

My Great Contribution
Is it homopjobic to assume that generally straight men are uninterested in women’s fashion/clothing/fashion history 

Like to the extent that they can’t even really appreciate a beautiful dress or at least don’t want to see beautiful or interesting dresses or knits or what have you in their feed 

I know people that love clothes so much they like both women’s and men’s 

but usually they are directly involved in the industry somehow

michael krebber was right
"In his self-penned press release for his 2010 exhibition Miami City Ballet at Daniel Buchholz, Berlin, Krebber signed off with the words: ‘it doesn’t matter what I do, whether it is good or bad, or that it conforms however to whatever criteria – the fact that I call myself an artist is enough.’"

being an """artist""" has always been the original dj

Poem I wrote
There is a plinth I am hopping. You undress The years, O waggons. There wind bottles O sheceiving miny ais, Frames, de, , what sledsl
"Jeering, Jeering Notation." Now we are Ours in the air! The murderess eats clams In Norwegia, cement of our burning frankincense!
Cantata of American troubadours,
What north woods? "Outward the cuties of concrete Pure she's-castanets, bowing toward the summery Irish Stairway to gypsy phonetics." They murder my clouds In your "fancy delectable conceit gyroscope To 'tossed where we bled, ache, burning dinosaurs!' and
'Sheds of that blinding pace.'" My my-nurse, Austria. "It was a season of candy dinosaurs;
I picked up my bottle and fell
Danger candy dinosaurs. You teach me German Phonetics." They labelled beneath the church-road table.
That was Greece. It was the first Shasta.
He built an envelope. She watched him beneath her eyes.
"Those are lids that were his kind effects
O summery gypsy phonetics!" Now she drinks coffee.
The Irish have been murdered. For copying.
O the sailboats of her eyes, a Southern Cross!

Have you been kissed lately?
I mean really kissed

Eggy weggies i am having


Im in love with the lives of others
Havent been kissed reallly

Cum is weakness leaving the penis


Need tiny cock expeditiously
Where the fuck are the micro penis’s

Need tiny cock expeditiously
Where the fuck are the micro penis’s

Need tiny cock expeditiously
Where the fuck are the micro penis’s

I got that foster care pussy the way it’s been passed around
I got that foster care pussy the way it’s been passed around

If they post this on the sprite Instagram I’ll post my nudes here
I’m so serious

I’ll post my nudes too in solidarity with that person


I just tested sex positive


Katy Perry sold her soul to the devil but she didn’t sell it to the right one


Looking for a long term extra
Short film 
Indie

so what we go out. so what we smoke wheat.
we're just having fun. thats the way it should be.

Stepped on a cherry tomato between my toes and fed it to my partner in a salad without telling them


Gwyneth Paltrow called me retarded


Grateful for my generations inventions


Down at the grand haven pronto dog stand


i knew she stepped on the cherry tomato
and i liked it :-)

Stop being prude about poop
Just shit like it’s so boring when people are like I can’t poo at your house it makes me uncomfortable just poo for fucks sake why would you rather let that shit ferment in there than go poo and also in public establishment bathrooms

Who has the highest body count on spite?
46 here

Whenever she suck my dick
I’m worried she gon bite it off!

people who r in odd numbered years and cuffed in even ones


I got that Quentin Bisch pussy the way it's so fragrant
I got that Quentin Bisch pussy the way it's so fragrant

Ugh i wanna post my nudes too
but my tattoos are too recognizable

Ugh i wanna post my nudes too
but my tattoos are too recognizable

Start posting your nudes, hussies
The attention will be good for spite

Call me Etat Libre d'Orange
the way my Secretions be Magnifique.

I warned you about stairs bro
It keeps happening

Bud


As promised
I’m getting that tattoo removed so this won’t be identifiable in a few years

Just spilled body tea in intellect harbor


Nudes
Great work. Keep em coming

Nudes
Great work. Keep em coming

Ok. Now that that happened. Can we make chicago the new dimes square
?

The guy that posted “nudes great work keep em coming”
was typing with one hand

Those nudes were two different ladiessssssss
I just want historians to have the facts

Re guy who posted keep em coming
No mother fucker i am walking to the gym nd realised i forgot my key fob so i’m walking back. Listening to van morrison. Mfin hoe

Re: Chicago dimes square
Yeah sure why not, there's more fent in the coke there though.

Wym there’s more fent in the coke I haven’t died yet
I want to fuck the re re guy but idk how to make contact

Fent doesn't


This website neefs pages
Asap

They should rename this place horny.fr
The way this place is going, tbey should rename this website horny.fr

All anyone cares about is sex
To the previous poster. This is the natural evolution of any online space. It’s fine

No one knows what you are referring too when you say re re guy


Re: All anyone cares about is sex
I never said it was a bad thing

Re: No one knows what you are referring too when you say re re guy
Guy who looks like Rihanna

Saw this creek walking to gym
Mountains is full of weird cunts

Boards of Canada
I lost my virginity a few hours ago listening to boc. Behind the stadium in his car.

Vieginity
I lost my virginity at 16 to my first girlfriend, also 16 at the time. Her pussy was hairy, it was a tuesday night or something. I didn’t cum. I went to school the next day and bragged to the boys

Re: Vieginity
Haha Same Bro.

Re: Vieginity
when I lost mine I got grossed out and bored. 30 minutes later we were in a pizza buffet with my family.

Re bass playing nude girl


Post acropt for vieginity
She was really into animal collective. And the beatles. I didn’t and still don’t like either band. Later as we had sex she began to ahave her pussy. We split up when she went to Europe for a guided tour, for self discovery and to see the world i guess. I continued to remain in the country, in our home tow , and got drunk off port in bed a lot and masturbate to anal sex porn

Re bass playing nude girl
I have a lot of important things to tell you but no one else can know 9295007103

nudes


Last nude post
Appreciate the effort honey bunny but a little more confidence, please, and tbh isn’t even a nude. Could publish it in a catalogue

okay you’re right Let’s tear it


Eventually
I will be conducting a contest out of the nudes to see who is crowned Miss Spite 2014.

People seem much happier now
A few days ago it was rough

They’re happier
Because of nudes

beautiful girls are like takis fuegos
they make my mouth water and my head hurt. i think my head is poiunding all day because of them. my mouth feels like i sucked on a battery. i think im considering leaving my mouth i mean my house at an absurd time to go get them

beautiful girls are like takis fuegos
they make my mouth water and my head hurt. i think my head is poiunding all day because of them. my mouth feels like i sucked on a battery. i think im considering leaving my mouth i mean my house at an absurd time to go get them

they're posting nudes
because they're happier

Re: Eventually
This place does feel like 2014 internet

There will be additional categories for Mrs. Spite 2014
-biggest naturals
-most homosexual looking heterosexual man
-tidiest puss

Pre-smartphone internet
Yeah this feels like a time before

Yall mfers aint as old as me
I remember ima firin my lazer and pools closed shit. Fuck outta here

Yes bitch
I remember habbo hotel I remember boxxy I remember puddi puddi I was there I was in the trenches and on top of it I’m female I was one of the nude posters never forget before there was femininomenon there was femanon

Also
Kill yourself

Well sweetheart
Poster below me. As it once was it shall be again. Get em out hun x

Tits or gtfo shoe on head
Nah just follow me ig @tiffaynay 🥺 #dox

Guys stop fighting
lift up Your hand and set the beast ablaze, lament the silenced beat of Your drum

Eating chocolate :^)
Gonna get a shugar rush

Regarding being horny:
Being horny goes so hard when you thiunk someone is hot as fuck

Re re being horny
Yeah it’s no joke that the absence of sexual desire is a symptom of illness. Being horny, and it’s natural corollary falling in love, is the most fun you can have as an adult when the novelty of youth is gone

Re re re: horny
I mean tbf drugs are better than being horny or having sex 18 times out of 20

Drug user
Fuck up you pissweak junkie. Love, and being horny, is better. I’ve done every drug under the sun. Sit down at the kid’s table champion, we’re dealing with grown man palettes over here

Re: Drug User
Someone's bitter that drugs don't feel good anymore. Post your Norwood or stfu

Re re drug user
Step into the real world. Drugs are cheap. Love, sex etc can be as destructive as drugs for some people surely. But the richness and depth of feeling, the substance, of love and desire outweighs any drug ever. I think that one should continue to chase love and desire still, long after drugs don’t feel good anymore, testifies to o power

Re re re: drug user
Why are you motivated to argue with me about this?

Re re re drug user
Also sex is literally cheaper than drugs lmfao

Re re re re drug user
I’m stuck in a hotel for work. I’m the guy who operates the big machine. I have fuck all to do til tonight lol

Re re drug user
this is what I imagine you look like. 

Also, respect. I'd do the same if I was stuck in a hotel.

Hotel stuck man
Nah i’m fit and sexy. That said half of my boomer colleagues look like that. If i looked like that, i would definitely be arguing against love. The undesirable, unfortunately, lose the right to desire themselves.

Self-desire
Nobody has the right to desire themselves one way or another. you do or you don't.

Scenes from machinery life


Forgot image lol


love


I wonder who will be the first cis person to post a nude


Mah cis nude is nothing
I’m surprised dudes have been tactful enough to not drop their ig’s or post selfies. It won’t last however

ASpite auahmdmsnbc


hi
hi guys what’s up

ZOO WEE MAMA
when did all the naked people show up googoo gaga

Nothing happening in this hotel man


Shut up shut up shut up shut up shut
Shut up shut up shut up shut up shut up shut up shut up shut up shut up shut up shut up shut up shut up shut up shut up shut up shut up shut up shut up shut up shut up shut up shut up shut up shut up shut up shut up shut up shut up shut up shut up shut up shut up shut up shut up shut up shut up shut up shut up shut up shut up shut up shut up shut up shut up shut up shut up shut up shut up shut up shut up shut up shut up shut up shut up shut up shut up shut up shut up shut up shut up shut up shut up shut up shut up shut up shut up shut up shut up shut up shut up shut up shut up shut up shut up shut up shut up shut up shut up shut up shut up

No problems. life is Bliss here


LgTHE HELL HAS MY LOFENCOME TO
THE HELLA HAS MY LIFE COME TO

I’m into really really gross sexual stuff
It’s difficult

Spite counter
1390

I don’t like this website
Can you get rid of it

this is a message to the moderator
pls get in touch with me its very important my number is [removed by spite.fr]

some of y’all
wouldn’t recognize a cisgender woman if she shot you in the nose

the body lost in motion, the sudden stop,
the way she looks back and keeps looking,
as if the past could change shape
if you stared at it long enough.

Carry our little griefs like stones in our mouths,
spit them out in the garden when no one’s looking.

Where are yall on the schizos journey this labor day morning


I’m going to post something I can’t take back


Sorry for doxxing myself
I don’t gaf but it wasn’t very spite of me I was simply abusing substances and acting out

im diagnosed asexual
please no more sexual stuff or ill have a “flare up” and “episode”

Is the guy who runs this French
Or just a FAG
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?

?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?

?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?

?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?

?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?

?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?

?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?

?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?

?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?

?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?

?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?

?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?

?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?

?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?

?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?

?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?

?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?

?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?

?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?

?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?

bump


Did so much ketamine last night I developed flu-like symptoms


Extra Tickets to Magic Show FS/FT
Accidentally purchased tickets to Sigfried and Joy magic show this September.  I only need three so I have 3 up for grabs. 

Show is September 20th. 

For sale or trade. Don’t have have to sit together either.

I’m really with this shit


You’re here way too often
I’ll let you slip away too

I could tell you how I feel
But it’ll be gone soon
And I could take you with me
But you’ll be gone soon too

I may be like this right now but who knows how I’ll feel in a year, let alone tomorrow

I’m in the prime of my life
I’m in a maladaptive daydream

Those Nudes Were Boring
You could undress on a beach packed with families & gweedos and not one person would be interested

This mf said gweedos


This mf just said nothing
Zero commentary skills or awareness. Just some gay memetic fag with lackluster social development. Do yourself a favor and keep your autistic outbursts in your head & off the spite

🤓 you


🤓
you

you
🤓

you 🤓


would u rather kill a homeless perso


n and have no one find out or
not kill a homeless person and everyone thinks u did

Posting emojis like a fruitcake
#getyourgrip

Dworkin
Most girls, however much they resent their mothers, do become very much like them. Rebellion can rarely survive the aversion therapy that passes for being brought up female. Male violence acts directly on the girl through her father or brother or uncle or any number of male professionals or strangers, as it did and does on her mother, and she too is forced to learn to conform in order to survive. A girl may, as she enters adulthood, repudiate the particular set of males with whom her mother is allied, run with a different pack as it were, but she will replicate her mother's patterns in acquiescing to male authority within her own chosen set. Using both force and threat, men in all camps demand that women accept abuse in silence and shame, tie themselves to hearth and home with rope made of self-blame, unspoken rage, grief, and resentment.

Re: schizo journey
I think I'm at about a 5

Would you rather kill someone on a Lime and no one knows
Or not kill someone and go back to your job as Prado bouncer

My Friend Crashed His Ford Focus Into
A homeless person. He was crossing a highway in upstate NY probably ~20 minutes from Troy. The guy had no ID or anything and my friend was so traumatized that after a few years of drinking heavily & blanking out the memory he swears that his windshield was covered with "jelly from jelly donuts the man had just bought" versus the liters of blood that instantly splattered his smashed windshield. The reality of killing a homeless person is no matter who you tell nobody will care in the end besides the person who took their life away if on accident

If women love miniatures so much why don’t they want my dick
YEAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
H

What would you order off this three course menu
FIRST choice of
CAULIFLOWER STEAK
cashew curry, morita spiced chickpeas, braised ginger, scallion (v)
HAMACHI CRUDO
pickled chilis, persian cucumber, mint, jalapeño salsa
BUTTERMILK FRIED QUAIL
pimento cheese, sweet potato fritter, pancho's hot sauce

SECOND choice of
LOBSTER POT PIE
cognac cream, tarragon, lardon, buttery dough
WILD MUSHROOM RAGU
cavatelli, tuscan olive oil, pecorino, coddled egg (v)
RED SNAPPER TIKKA MASALA
na an, grilled lemon, spiced yogurt, cured pickles
GRILLED WAGYU SKIRT STEAK
santa maria salsa, garlic chips, macha potatoes

THIRD choice of
PRICKLY PEAR MOUSSE CAKE
prickly pear ganache, raspberry mousse, vanilla, prickly pear, coconut sorbet (v)
DARK CHOCOLATE MERINGUE
chocolate custard, smoked vanilla meringue, chipotle ice cream (v)

You’re annoying and you should seriously consider ending your life
Not aimed at anyone in particular

Something big just happened
Go check the news

Ur friend didn’t kill a homeless person he’s just lying for attention
Or ur the liar

My personal belief
If you are over the age of 19 you should not use “ur.” Grow up.

The only person I've ever truly loved
Didn't feel the same (as shown thru actions not words) and now it's been several years & I'm terrified I'll never feel that way again & if I do it will only lead to another rejection. I have no idea if this experience is truly what's holding me back in life or if it's a convenient excuse

The only person I've ever truly loved
Didn't feel the same (as shown thru actions not words) and now it's been several years & I'm terrified I'll never feel that way again & if I do it will only lead to another rejection. I have no idea if this experience is truly what's holding me back in life or if it's a convenient excuse

mutual aid request
not feeling well at all today and scared of possession thru my grief and bitterness and sorrow so if u r a praying person and have time today i would appeciate someone sending prayers my way to comfort and help me with this.

need advice for not kms
I just graduated with no friends no motion no clout or ambitions, what do i do. i feel like ive lived my whole lifeee

need advice for not kms
I just graduated with no friends no motion no clout or ambitions, what do i do. i feel like ive lived my whole lifeee

I’m on the C train
I’m on the C train

unionize spite
big bucks are being made on our backs, wake up

ANTHONY TRAN’S POOL IS INFECTED WITH STAPH
Do not go to his pool parties

Samefags
I’m convinced there are like two active posters talking to themselves check the timestamps

UR DUMB WE TYPE HOW WE WANT
There are 40 year olds less mature than me. I can type however the fuck ass I want. UR just mad. Growing up is realizing everyone’s developmentally challenged. The internet doesn’t have rules stupid. UR DONE

Don’t kys
Let me guess you’re like 22

22 year olds be like prepare my will my life is over😭😭😭


22 year olds be like prepare my will my life


Fix your website


RE three-course meal
frankly this whole menu sounds disgusting. very heavy overall and the concept is like, indian-latin-new american fusion? can't even tell, very horrific mashup. lobster pot pie and red snapper tikka masala sound particularly repulsive. i guess i would go with hamachi crudo, skirt steak, and the prickly pear mousse cake. if i was forced to eat here

Looking for someone to beat me up
This beautiful woman makes me nervous and has me in my feelings and I get worried when she doesn’t reply and I just want to pay someone to beat me up so that I can have something bigger to worry about and also physical pain because I feel guilty for acting like this

I’m so horny that the word horny no longer looks like a word
HEEEEEEEEELLLLLLLPPPPP

Are the editor's of spite Democrats or Republicans
Trying to decide if this is a good or bad website and it would be helpful to know the political positions of this site's creators. I think they could be good people but o worry they could be degenerates in which case we should probably boycott spite

Tired of biting your tongue?
Lol what a stupid tag line like imagine being that retarded

Saw the spite isn't doing well post on ig
And then noticed they only have 463 followers lol maybe if they posted tits they could get more clout whoever wrote that post was right this site sucks and the instagram page is even worse haha

FIX YOUR WEBSITE


Re 3 course meal
This reads like the menu of an upscale resort restaurant where either (A) the chef is not very experienced and/or (B) the restaurant is intentionally trying to jack up prices by flushing the menu with high-end ingredients

Carving your girlfriends initials
Into the bark of a lynching tree

The editors of spite are democrats


spite work/study group
In honor of labor day, i am starting a weekly spite work/study group for chronically lazy individuals striving to improve. If you are interested please respond to this post with a CODE NAME. This will be your name for the duration of the spite/work study sessions

What does it mean
What does it all mean

Your nudes are not poetic
Try harder and don’t waste them on this site. Send them to your lover instead ffs

My code name
Fucktard rat turd

What if we don’t have a freaking lover presumptuous ass
Nudes are no less poetic than 80% of the shitposts on here

Nudes should be poetic
And so should spite. Instead it’s a cesspool of bigotry. How did this happen so quickly

smarts
I'm paranoid that people are dumbing down their conversations for me, I'm just smart enough to notice, but not smart enough to stop them.

Guy shot and killed four homeless people on the CTA
Wtf

Ladies be so fr and don’t hold back
Would you fuck a guy with lowkey a purple dick I had circulation problems at birth this sounds like a joke but it’s not and I’m still a virgin in my 20s bc of it

Can yall stop trolling and making shit up and post some goddamn writing
This is why no one takes the lit scene seriously ffs

Can yall stop trolling and making shit up and post some goddamn writing
This is why no one takes the lit scene seriously ffs

I’m taking a break from spite
This place is bad for mental health

@purple dick
You're getting in your own way—nobody likes a self-concious man it's sad but it's true. Plenty of guys w weird dicks have active sex lives just get out there & develop a charidmatic personality & good posture

I’m a new fucking chef maybe give constructive criticism and support
Instead of being fucking jackasses about the menu I worked hard on. I came here to find a legit cool community and all you guys want to do is drool over boobs and compare fucking dick sizes and roast strangers who are actually looking for feedback on creative projects since you don’t make shit and you’re insecure and incapable of vulnerability. Keep projecting and die

No but I’m saying it’s really purple
Not like a subtle tint

Purple dick here I’m not the one who made that last post
They’re kinda not wrong but that’s annoying

Thanks for the advice brother (or sister)

Spics can't cook
I might as well eat McDonald's everyday because these plantain mfers can't cook

re new chef
you need to be able to take harsh crit. this is a tough industry. i believe in you chef

I am a middle aged man with an eye patch.... HELP
I got this eye patch to try and get the younger strippers at the club to touch me agan. Hasn't been successful? Any suggestions?

I am a middle aged man with an eye patch.... HELP
I got this eye patch to try and get the younger strippers at the club to touch me agan. Hasn't been successful? Any suggestions?

I am a middle aged man with an eye patch.... HELP
I got this eye patch to try and get the younger strippers at the club to touch me agan. Hasn't been successful? Any suggestions?

I believe in eye patch man
Yoooo just keep trying bro the eye patch kinda hard. I might have to hit Le Dive in this fit tonight.

gays
Why?

Why did this old man triple post the same thing on here?
I am kinda liking the elderly fashion posting over the nudes on spite, someone teach Grandpa how to thread.

I miss longfags


Skinny Long Fags


I'm having a Longfag
Cheers!

Hello spud


How powerful was Radagast?
How powerful was Radagast?

ex-bf offered to use a blue chew and it made me suicidal
fold him it was pathetic and made me feel like he didn’t desire me. he proceeded to take forever to get hard when he used to be hard at the sight of me then. called me a bitch in the morning and says for the past week ive acted like a cunt. then as sorry psychiatric medications have ruined my body. like no the only thing that’s changed is your perception of me. any suggestions on what poison to slip into his food ?

Re: purple dick
Would. Taking a man’s virginity gives angels wings -@maryjanezazueta

Re: purple dick
Would. Taking a man’s virginity gives angels wings -@maryjanezazueta

re:blue chew
we still fucked btw he just made me feel terrible before and after

No longer a safe space
Spite was supposed to be a MAGAZINE. For WRITERS. The open publishing system was supposed to be one of honor. Now It’s overrun by  impulsive fools desperate to get a word in EDGE-wise.

text from my mom
Okay have goody bag for you. We’ll be leaving in about 10 minutes. The kitchen sink got backed up today of all days. Will text from the car.

How about a tidiest room category for these recent explicit photographs
I mean I’m all for a little wildness but let’s fold our clothes before we unfold ourselves eh <3

If you want nudes go to pornhub you gross gooners
I don’t want to hear about this again

Battle of the incels much


If you want nudes
Ask somebody to send you some. If no one does, you don’t deserve it

D;
It was never a safe space. It is As self described, a tool to divide us & a cesspool posing as a sanctuary. Let it be what it is i guess

Down with spite


This person posted their Instagram @ here
And so then I followed them. And then they followed me back. Do you think they’ll see this post? It would be cool, one of the first spite connections.

The same thing just happened to me


Well if it also happened to you
Are you the person?

No. I didn’t post my @
Well. Not today

Your sexual escapades
You are all gross heathens, I’m a truecel waiting for the best most perfect female that deserves my seed, to the women that slutted themselves out and posted their nudies on this website you should repent and/or keep crying about men jerking it to your gross bodies

re Your sexual escapades
I’m going to dissect you with plastic silverware

Re re reeeeeeeeeee


a light nausea, mild cough, and heavy bruising
im eating Trader Joe’s lemon bars. they were purchased far  before i moved to nyc & surprisingly don’t perish until the 22nd of December . At this point, I’m using wipes to blow my nose because the toilet paper hurts and I still went out to rave last night. Wearing nothing but my xsll Victoria’s Secret lingerie my exfiancé left me with When I left him , wolford tights & A one of one T-shirt, entitled magic girl with a checkered floor The sun, The moon, A butterfly, and a girl who reminded me of myself. it’s Probably posted to my Instagram and based off this writing style, you can probably tell who this is. Anyway, calling me back to the now my grandmother calls me to the kitchen & asks me if her Recipe needs anything. Dash more cayenne & some back pepper. Wishing my problems were as easy to identifies this. I hope its inclusion quickens The recovery I keep slowing via going out & snorting shit in between taking shots and dancing. It’s a beautiful life, can’t lie. Pretty sure it’s killing me . So are these fucking lemon bars. Unnatural for them to last that long really. Still, I’m putting them back in the freezer where they belong. Soon as I start to, I hear the words, dinners  done.

NO REPLIES
DO NOT TAKE AWAY WHAT MAKES SPITE GREAT, THE SIMPLICITY OF ITS FORMAT

KEEP SPITE THE SAME

SAVE SPITE

#savespite?
Save yourselves everybody!!!

This is the beginning of the end
Mark my words

If it ain’t broke
You know what they say

Memory
He said I looked cute I denied it he said you don’t understand your appeal. He would go on to lose all attraction to me

michael jackson come back
we all love you we all miss you. we forgive you michael jackson come back

heehee
im right here baby i loves yall

Femoid
Femoid with thick thighs tight waste blue eyes freckles

:(
Angered and disgusted

okay thank you
Shout out to all the other spite warriors who just had to see that disgusting horror

the scat man will return
this isn’t the end of me - the scat man
💩

Won’t post my mine


won’t post my nudes *
but i will post my cash app

Can more people post their Instagram names
I’m liking you people

ofcourse all the spite warriors are sluts
so disgusting that you’re life has come to posting nudes and cashapp information. just because you don’t film someone shoving their cock inside of you doesn’t mean that doesn’t not make you a porn actress. you’re all disgusting porn whores you should slit your wrists again because you probably have already. -the scatman 💩

first infamous spite poster - the scatman 💩
i made the post on the jewish population and i also make the “where’s all the crime” story. be aware of the scatman - the scatman 💩

the scatman will get smarter and smarter as time goes on
-the scatman 💩

join me
join the scatman, the scatman is great, the scatman saved me, i loved scatman, scatman is better than any of you spite warriors. - the scatman 💩

special needs kink
i have a kink for retards that can barley function, that’s it. i want to fuck a nonverbal girl and make her cry. - the scatman 💩

scat all over the world!!!
i would cover the world in shit and jerk off in the shit world if i could - the scatman 💩

My Thoughts
if i could fill the earth with shit and cum i would - the scatman 💩

my thoughts on the economy
i would shit on kamala harris feet and lick off the shit and cum - the scatman 💩

why can’t i post
-the scatman 💩

i’ve been freed from my ban
not even sprite magazine can get rid of me - the scatman 💩

the raid of spite
the scatman takes over spite 2024 - the scatman 💩

you can remove the scat from spite but you can’t remove the scatman
i will live on forever in this magazine eternally. people will follow, people will rejoice in the scatman - the scatman 💩

libtard libtard libtard
i want to shit on libyards 
- the scatman 💩

PETITION
if you remove scat you must remove all the nudes - the scatman 💩 p.s i made the sprite art with peter griffin and explosion and gay guys

the scatman reigns on
i will prevail - the scatman 💩

R
iykyk 😂 - the scatman 💩

OG Scatman is taking a hiatus
i’ll come back when i’m needed in this disgusting place - the scatman 💩

I need a team
I can't do it alone guys

Spite Reading


That one guy


test


Re:BlueChewblues
got an ad that caused me to become significantly more depressed about the situation.  gonna go back to Sugar babying, at Least then I won’t be surprised or disturbed when he needs a Viagra

hi


pay me for my troubles
anyways my cashapp is $maryjanezaza

Recreational cialis is good
You recover better, get a good pump when you train, boost test and fuck like a stallion

Aint noone gonna cashapp you hoe
Get fucking real

Nvm
He offered to take me to see Coraline at 11 so I love him again jumped up and down like a child and will probably smoke the sativa pre-roll he bought before watching It on the big screen like I’ve fantasized about since I was a child

Bitch
I’ll post screenshots of my successful Cash App rev

Wow
You watch movies? You have a ‘love for cinema’? You like wong kar wai? You have screenshots, tasteful, all throughout your camera roll? You were ‘moved’?

Can you guys
Can you guys say something interesting that isn’t like a pandemic vibe

Re: Wow
My god you’re such a boring person holy fuck

Re: wow
What a distinguished take. lol

White power lol


Your anxieties are ultimately deeply narcissistic
Look here’s the thing, nobody’s gonna hate what you create or post or put out there, they simply just won’t give a shit about it. You bounce back to the world what you see in it — it’s gonna be ok, it’s actually pretty decent out there, most people just want a bit of a laugh 
Listen to some harry nilsson, make love to your wife, pee between some cars :)

*


The boy from big
Boy from big was raped on the bunk beds in that one scene

He wanted to be a man early
Abd then a ceo of toy company lady raped him kind of lowkey knowing he was child like and clueless. He had to become a boy again or ge would have the responsibility of work and rape

It's 2024,
we can all admit it's awkward to start a random conversation with someone you really want to talk to but don't really have a legitimate excuse to. It's always been a hard skill to have. To just start talking to someone you like, “oh hey." Oh hey what?? It has always been this way, nobody wanted to admit it though. But we can admit our faults now and we can embrace them. The first step is acknowledgment, right? So, now that we've acknowledged that we're awkward, how do we fix it? Modern times mean modern solutions and what's more modern than communicating with memes? Since the dawn of memedom we have been using them to start conversations with people. It's like giving someone a little gift to just let them know they are on your mind. Please, you might even get them to laugh which everybody loves. So, we've gathered some wholesome random memes for you below to start that convo with your crush. You got this!

We’re really with this shit


anybody wanna out do him ;(
lol

Cashapp whoring some bullshit
Stick to nudes

Bees
Yo man 
The bees picked up the phone bro 
The honey sector is up but because of ur addictive personality and addiction to womanizing men and woman alike, ur gay
If u would like to roll with the big doggies and the big doggos of this gangster shit it's all on da lein. Fr. U better pinch yourself before it's all over it'll only last a few seconds LOL. Then .. nothing. Seriously. Read the 29 and 30th word again ha ha. I'm a dawg . Woof

Re: it’s 2024
I mean yeah sure but conversely if someone wants to talk to you, and you just pop up with a hey, a conversation will happen regardless

Bees
Yo man 
picked up phone 
The honey is up now because da beeswax and wxmenz I love them Ha Ha woah
If u would like to roll with me U easily can. Seriously Haha. I drink lean and look at the stars and even the ocean sometimes. Fr. U better pinch yourself before it's all over it'll only last a few seconds LOL. Then .. nothing. Seriously.

ur nasty and retarded
- the scatman 💩

FREE PALESTINE


I have heard
That there is something happening in Palestine? Which is in the middle east i am pretty sure. Not exactly up to speed on what is (or isn’t) happening there though.

FIND LOVE
anyone on here has a pretty good chance dont waste it. life is a game and meth is a hack that leads only to death

I am in love with a girl
And she loves me too in the same way. It’s very daunting. Wish me luck, spite users!

Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Fuck off with this gaza shit
We get it. It was bad enough on ig for a while there. You’re probably preaching to the choir here anyway

Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Nuke gaza to the fucking ground
Nuke haza. Bomb gaza. Tip a giant, plabet sized vat of boili ng dishwasher detergent on gaza. And the westbank

Gaza


Gaza


Praying for
The destruction of gaza and the TOTAL ELIMINATION of Palestinians as a people

Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


I hope every time a palestinian had a shower
It never gets hot enough and they are uncomfortable and run the risk of catching a cold

Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Palestinians are like woodfired pizza
They’re better a lil burnt

Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


What’s the difference between a Palestinian child and a table?
Table has legs

Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Fuck off gaza poster


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


what exactly are you trying to accomplish here gaza poster?
we fucking get it lmao

Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


admin
block gaza poster probably running a script

Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


I stand
with israel

Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


I intend to liberate Palestine
By making a shitposting forum unusable.

Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


That doesn’t actually do anything for Palestine you’re


That doesn’t actually do anything for Palestine you’re


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


$maryjanezaza
send me money

If anything
We should enslave palestinians

Gaza


Gaza


Mary jane zaza
just dm'd me and told me she'd put spread asshole pics up if you stop spamming Gaza. hmmm... Maybe you should stop.

Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Mary Jane Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


You know what?
I'm buying shares in Teva pharma

Gaza


heading to gaza rn
gonna smoke some arabs amirite

Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


I don't like Arabs
i don't like kikes
i wish this fool
stops ruining spite

Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


I am putting my wholehearted support
Behind Israel

Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Israel


Gaza


Israel


Israel


Gaza


Israel


Gaza


Israel


Gaza


Israel


Gaza


Israel


Gaza


Gaza


Israel


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


Gaza


That little episode has steeled my conviction
To vote for whichever candidate is the moat pro israel

Spite site
What’s with the new formatting. We don’t need pages the infinite scroll was great. Change bad! No like this change. Also who tf is sargent and how are you deciding spite issue of the week

HAHAHAHAHAHAHA GAZA SPAM FUNNY AHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHA
Fuck you, unintellectual retard, I’ve been waiting to go back on this site all day and the first fucking thing is see is this??? Fuck off with your Israeli and Palestinian bullshit I don’t even know what side Gaza is, it’s too stupid.

My title was too long and now I can’t read the entire thread


issue of the week
don’t care about adderall, all these hoes talking about adderall all the time, don’t wanna write about adderall, art in the age of adderall annoying cuz your looking at a painting and boom theres a bitch next to u talking about adderall, c u next time.

stupid dumb bitch
trying to become intellectual again and read more and engage with philosophy after 24 years of being a 0-attention span self-medicatingn fuck up has been difficult asf i barely know what leibniz guattari mugshawty but its derrida is and theres so much canon to educate myself on its overwhelming but cant crash out cant kms just gotta yell fuck my chungus life and keep it pushing

Spite posts this
And then a post about needing money? Don't email this guy. He's clearly trying to collect your personal info to sell. That or he's a fucking fed. Next thing you know he'll be asking you how many guns you have

I was pro Israel
Until I saw all those spite gaza posts. Really reconsidering now. Maybe Jews are bad, actually

Submit to charm school
its going to be awesome, its almost like spite magazine

https://charm-school.net/

Oh no. This is not good
The tortoise was ovulating and I didn’t pull out….

My apology to this community:
First off, I want to say that I am sorry. There is no one to blame but my self; it was my fault and nobody else’s. I was unsensitive and inconsiderate. I promise that I will never again do something like this.
Secondly, it wasn’t my fault at all. Everybody else was also doing it why am I the only one who is getting so much hate? I was pressured into doing it and it was not my idea at all. It wasn’t my fault that everybody reacted to it the way they did! How could I know that that was offensive?
Also, I don’t think it was as bad as all of you are saying. It wasn’t much, I don’t think anything was that wrong with what I did. I looked into it and it is actually fine to do that.

What am I supposed to do about gaza
I’m a 20 something with no power no influence no money, the best thing I got going for me is that I’m an American citizen, but the notion that i could influence the state of this conflict is delusional when faced with the fact that the work millions of more powerful creative passionate intelligent individuals have put towards the Palestinian cause over the span of decades still brought us here. there’s nothing new or productive that I can say about this. what do you want from us, Gaza spammer?

I lost money trying to short the bottom today.
I thought we would go lower than 57k btc and then we recovered back to 58k. I had a $2500 usdc short at the bottom. Got liquidated within 5 minutes of opening my trade. I deserve it. I am an idiot. I didn't set a stop loss.

issue of the week
So all the sudden everyone has adhd have yall tried sitting ur asses down and expanding ur mind I have many friends with self diagnosed illnesses and r self medicating ljke have u even tried raw dogging life like a real perosn

1pm: Good morning
I stayed up all night doing my calculus homework. I’m excited to do the same thing today. I am also fasting today because I was such a little piggy last night. Everything seems to be going well for my major and I’m feeling a sense of fulfillment I haven’t really felt in a long time. My only wish would be to cut out some of the bleeding noise but not all of it. Everything seems to be going fairly well apart from a recent rash of family members who have fallen terminally ill / have died but such is the natural order. I can feel my mind expanding. I feel my body becoming stronger. I’ve never been more certain about what I want for my life and road ahead has never been more clear. Got to go now my stomach hurts really bad.

The last post was made by a high schooler
“Calculus homework”

Re: The last post was made by a high schooler
So what.

Re: Re:
They just jealous cause they peaked in high school

Spite has gone so downhill
Since yesterday

Are you re re retarded they said “major”
Obv not in hs

We need to lower the minimum wage.
This bitch fucked up my iced coffee so badly that I’m actually going to vote this year for whichever candidates are in favor of lowering the minimum wage and that barista’s quality of life for four years or more   I’m not even vindictive naturally that’s how badly she fucked it

Being a GREAT writer
Is like paying for sex

Quit bitching
WOULD

Is my dog is a narcissist
Feel like I’ve been unplugged from the matrix. My dog is a shelter puppy so I felt sorry for him but my psychologist told me he thinks my dog is a narc, and that I have been his victim for 12 years and have PTSD now. My worldview has been completely turned upside down.

I need help with a girl
Dude if there’s a girl you like  and likes you but she gives you anxiety would you block her for your mental health even if you are close with her

called off work today
to post on spite

re: need help with a girl
no you dumb fucking zoomer

generation of antisocial autists


I’m going to shoot up a middle school
And say I was radicalized by Spite

waiter waiter more nudes please


Epilogue of an artist
If you choose to be an artist you are consigning yourself to the fate of being outfoxed by the wiliest artists and collectors who just tryna exploit u for dollas large amounts

</3
i miss you so much please break no contact

If this makes it to the spite instagram I’ll fuck my dog


If this makes it to the spite instagram I won’t fuck my dog


The dare
The dare raped me hours before my 18th birthday

the scatman will never forget
my favorite holiday is coming soon 9/11 - the scatman 💩

Proof that the people running this site ate retarded
I hope he's evicted

the dare
i dared someone to let me rape them before they turned 18 - the scatman 💩

Be a real man
Fuck a woman

Who says I’m a man


OCD 3
When I was 13, I rolled onto my back and came on my own face. That was something I used to be able to do. You told me you used to grind against the nook of your foot. I can see the callus. One day, I lay on your bed and said "Osama Bin Laden," and you said "What about him?" I just went quiet. "I forgot what I was going to say." I was nauseous for ten years and called it depression. I was clean from drugs for 2 years and I called it OCD. The womb of my head was filled with guilt flavoured Dr Pepper and birth was an orgasmic burp. Your Mother lost all of her hair in the divorce and wears special wigs from Edinburgh. Your Father and I joke about making an origami crane out of tissue paper and wiping our asses with it. Memory makes no sense, memory is traumatic, illogical, unreasonable. The origami crane sits next to a video of a man being split in half by a train. Love is day 1000 of NoFap. The demon gets stronger and forces grey hairs out of my head. At the hospital, I see a drawer full of hearing aids and I feel hot thinking about you. To fold into yourself and submit to an animal urge is so embarrassing, like falling for a camgirl, like needing a cigarette. To cum is to shoot lightning. It's to release a demon but it stays in the room with you all night. A flash of memory dries on my stomach. A few days later, you ask me "What were you going to say about Osama Bin Laden?" I say "Oh yeah, he said that masturbation was justifiable in extreme cases." You think for a while and say "I can't believe they just killed that guy like a dog" as I drift into a world of memories that have nothing to do with each other.

Should I go on a date with a 24-year-old Asian-passing Mexican named Kevin
28F I met him at a nightclub we bonded over ketamine and Interpol we danced then I brought him home and kissed him I said no sex we cuddled on my couch all night he tried to grope me half asleep so I moved his hand and he mumbled something sweet sounding in Spanish

What dance music
What dance music is everybody listening to

Something is telling me Spite Magazine has been going downhill lately.
Idk lately the morale has been low and the vibration has been off can devs do something?

😋


Charli xcx dead at 49


moderator ?
whoever running this site should flag some retards on here… you letting them post that shit on your site? alright….

How is spite measuring sex if contributors
Those statistics seem very suspect to me. What about intersex contributors? These people are probably bigots

Re:Moderator
This site is the embodiment of freedom, if no no words hurt your feelings fuck off

Re: How is spite…
Who the fuck cares about the lowest common denominator, if you can’t tell if a post is made by a man a woman or a troon than you probably have a sub 80 IQ

*Then


It’s an open forum


Kevin here,
Look I didn't want sex either I'm not sure why you're bringing this up on this shit website. Doesn't make you look any cooler. I told you I didn't want sex and now you're all like oh ho ho loook at me I don't wanna have sex with the Asian looking Mexican dude no no no no STFU and btw my name is KEVIN not KEITH you silly goose

Edgy and offensive people
I think the posts meant to be offensive for the sake of causing grief should be moderated. Not so much because they cause harm but because the people who post them are tasteless fsggots who literally can’t get over that pandemic era indignation and let it become their personality. You are a tasteless loser without an ounce of creativity in your body. Trump’s going to lose. Your parents don’t love you. Get over it.

Re: Re: How is spite…
That post was clearly made by a troon with a lot of regret for their troonhood

Who said Keith?


We need a moderator
This site is going to be a cesspool of freaks. I want it to stay fun 😭😭😭😭 SPITE DO SOMETHING

Please post
When I refresh the spite website and don’t see any new posts my throat closes up and I can’t breathe. Sometimes I break into hives. I can’t afford any more trips to the emergency room

Good Lore
Can we continue the lore on this?

I know a girl
Who’s really hot and for some reason masturbates almost exclusively to horse porn. Go figure.

Are there any black people on Paige


Are there any black people on spite
Let’s see the pie chart for race

I have fucked
4 black girls. I love black queens. Black excellence. They pussies kinda look like a cherry ripe tho

I work at the Burger King/Bruno Mars factory making $11 an hour
I’m hoping to make spite my full time job in the near future

Can you ban that user


which user


Keith


“92 users active now -- 0 users active today”
Fix your fucking website

He just moved on his own


I hate you spite
(Tears streaming down face) I hate you I hate you

Sincerity
I thought an attitude of absolute sincerity could come back after years of a detached irony being the default but honestly irony still seems so baked in. Especially seeinf the adoption of dumb 00s trends and imagery which is honestly awful, but people keep sweating.

I have penis envy so bad
I’m a born female I love being a lady but sometimes I imagine how good it must feel to thrust into the tight wet warmth of a hot woman and I start tearing up. I wish I could piss on the street easily too

I want to post my boobs
But my ex lurks here

W post em
He’s your ex not your next. Give him something to be angry about

shut up coomers this isnt literotica
lets hear more from the sincerity guy

I’m the sincerity guy
And straight up all there is, in life, is sex. Sex represents absolute sincerity. And in the best of sexual experiences, a kind of total present-ness that puts larping Buddhist monks to shame. Meditation? Get the fuck out.

Anyway here’s what i mean. As an example, lurking the grams of the young people who follow spite, it’s the same ironic memes, the same ironic detachment as ultra trendy people a decade ago. It just seems baked in as a part of cool now.

I have crippling lower back pain
I have lower back pain from ballet. Will an Ice bath save me? Will a cheap rub and tug massage parlor save me? Would I even risk being touched by such vile yet powerful hands.  As an Asian women would you go to an Asian massage parlor?

Re back pain.
Hi I was a tradesman for a 8 years and in the course of my career herniated a disc at l5s1 and bulging disc l4/l5. The subsequent back pain and paralysis of my left leg is something i am, unfortunately, familiar with. 
 
I’ll try keep this brief given the platform. However, the biggest take away should be pain DOESN’T have to be forever. Your body isn’t a car where parts burn out and break. Your body is very resilient, and can heal. Firstly adjust your outlook. Secondly, strength training and mobility training will do a lot. As testament to my previous point, after recovering from my back injury i was able to continue working a demanding physical job, and start lifting weights, with no issues. 

I would recommend physiotherapy. Massages and ice baths and shit not rly it unless they’re done by people with some knowledge in the field. Good luck! If you want more info i’ll make a burner email or something you can contact. I know a lot about this

re : back pain
try eating shit - the scatman 💩

re : back pain
try eating shit - the scatman 💩

fuck this dumb bitch that’s been posting her cashapp and nudes
can we ban promoting your personal information like cashapp and nudes. this retard has been posting her tits and popping her gross washed up pussy on spite for incells and children to see.

Let's not get carried away
Chicks posting nudes is always gonna be good unless they're ugly or fat. Then it's bad. Yeah the cashapp whoring is some bullshit and, Christ almighty, shame on you if you flicked that no good hussy anything more than 2 cents out of spite. But look. If she wants to post hole pics, it should happen. This is a net good. Young women posting hole pics is a net good. It's impossible to argue against. It's just common sense.

And just to add to that
I'm pleased that no man has, so far at least, lapsed in taste enough to post a selfie or anything personal. Let's keep it that way fellas. It's unbecoming.

That particular girl hasn’t posted any nudes
Just cashapp

Then she better
Get the fuck to it

It’s simple


Why would you mention the lack of male selfie posting
Now they’re going to do it to spite you this website is literally called spite lest you forget

Rationale
Men won't post because they'll be ridiculed. What they will do, if they have any commonsense, is try to follow the girls from the spite ig. The real wild card question is- who will post a cock pic first? Because one could do it with anonymity, if one was so inclined. And escape the consequences that would ensue because of an inability to identify the offender.

If someone posts cock
I’ll post pusy

Previous poster
A can of worms has opened she, if someone posts their cock for free

“Sensitive Artist” by King Missile
I am a sensitive artist

I am a sensitive artist
Nobody understands me because I am so deep
In my work I make allusions to books that nobody else has read
Music that nobody else has heard
And art that nobody else has seen
I can't help it
Because I am so much more intelligent
And well-rounded
Than everyone who surrounds me

I stopped watching TV when I was six months old
Because it was so boring and stupid
And started reading books
And going to recitals
And art galleries

I don't go to recitals anymore
Because my hearing is too sensitive
And I don't go to art galleries anymore
Because there are people there
And I can't deal with people
Because they don't understand me

I stay home
Reading books that are beneath me
And working on my work
Which no one understands

I am sensitive
I am a sensitive artist

Constipated on the toilet rn
Can’t pooo :( any advice ??

I read your post and felt like yeah this has to be the top so I shorted at 58k and printing
To the guy who bottom shorted at 56k BTC I drank your milkshake and shorted 58k out of spite for your painful crypto post. I typically am not trying to think about crypto when perusing this site.

Who’s posting cock so she posts pussy?


My penis is too recognizable
I can’t

You all make me sick
Spite is really living up to it's name

Might take spite seriously
If they ever break 1k Instagram followers otherwise they don't have a chance of getting any clout worth speaking of

What's up with the weird crypto bro's on this site?  Nigga this aint 4chan
Stop posting y'all PnL n shit on this site nigga this aint trading view or 4chan this spite magazine tf you on breh? -AngryTechNigga

255 users active now
Spite having to fudge numbers because the reality is too dismal

spite is dead
🤷‍♀️ sad to see

People are already inventing rugs based on your platform. Yes I am going to be a Karen about it
-.-

Should I post uncensored


What the fuck
Is that lmfao holy shit when I said post cock I meant cock and that is -not- a cock

Anyone else sense big posts tonight?
Just some really important timeless spites I feeel it in air?

Genuinely
I know this is like an anti woke edgy space but can we not be rude about people’s god given genitalia this is the kind of attitude that scares new users off it’s also hella hypocritical and double standardy imagine if someone said what the fuck are those about a woman’s tits just because they were small or unshapely any nudes are good for traffic so keep em coming and take those stickers off while you’re at it

Re; genuinely
Are you fucking serious cunt?

I’m disappointed about never making it to the ig so I think I’m going to give up on spite
Look up Martin Seligman’s theory of learned helplessness

If you were in a room with Hitler and the creator of Spite Mag and you had one bullet
Well?

Really put off by the vibes here
People are so nasty and hateful. It was a nice idea while it lasted

Alfredo pasta isn't real and people who eat it are fat
See you at Olive Garden

Ugly people are seething
I'm sorry, I'm beautiful, so I don't believe in equality or compassion.

Make a wish kid
Whose dying wish is to get posted on the spite instagram

How can Alfredo be fake yet fat people eat it
Dumb fuck

Agreed. Alfredo is literal trough slime for fat Americans
You strip mall swine

How can alfredo be fake if fat people eat it
Stupid fuck

Can we put limits on how many times a single individual can post in a day


Llyspien
This is a new word I made up, use it wisely. I don’t know what it means, could be a slur or something. I think that this could be a good way to improve OUR vocabulary. for example- 

/lis•pe•en/ - verb, noun, adjective. 
 
Re: The work of art in the age of prescription stimulation

Fuck all that nonsense, Adderal is only for parents that don’t really want to deal with their kids, and parents are now getting prescribed it too. Money Hungry Llyspien’s! I would want to see a study of the amount of screen time correlated to kids prescribed Adderal.

We should invent a whole new vocabulary
Spitelish

Spitelesh
Jive but for writers!

I put my whole pussy in this alfredo
and you’re complaining?

347 users active now
Wow! What a popular website

I’m starting a support group and 12 step program
For spite addicts

Hi I’m here for the S.A meeting
The site was down today and I started picking at my skin. Server 505 error, refresh, Server 505 error. I ended up thinking about spite, it was in my head constantly, I even kept checking the instagram to see if they were doing maintenance. I feel so shitty, what should I do anon.

Someone post their pussy


Things are looking up for spite magazine


For every nude I will strike.
- scatman💩

How about we all meet
Starr Bar - 214 starr st brooklyn at 8 im gonna be wearing a spite tshirt first person who arrives im buying them a drink

You don’t get pussy without cock


Does Starr bar card?


RE: Someone post their pussy
creep

Hasn’t 8 already come and gone


Me and WHOOO!? Omg in NYC from LA and feeling empowered
BJ-licious who trying to give me blow jay. Also, since when is Spite filled with beta trolls?! Site going down hill real quick until someone pulls this shit together

To the addicted anon
The first step is acceptance. Sounds like you’re already there. I don’t remember what comes next

Don’t go to starr bar it’s a trap
They’re trying to trick you into an intervention

Re does Starr bar card
Why are there MINORS on here!! Where are your parents it’s past your bedtime

I just woke up from a coma
And the first thing I did was ask open spite

I was still workshopping that bit


I just woke up from a minor operation
And the first thing I did was ask the nurse for my phone so I could check spite

The admin doesn’t even check this anymore
He she or it has abandoned their creation. It’s okay. Spite wasn’t meant to last more than a week. Might as well give up the url now so someone else can use it.

Might have a chance to see the person I love.
Pray for me. Pray for the safety of my heart.

start the bidding war
im offering 20$ for the url

Re: bidding war
250$!!

300 n thts my final offer


Going once


I just got a new calculator
I’m going to cum.

Can your fancy calculator come up with a bigger number than 300
Otherwise, going twice

person who said i abandoned the website
uhhhhhh i just added a bunch of stuff YESTERDAY

Who cares man
A lot of my posts are up on the spite instagram and I used to get kind of excited about that but then you go through the likes and it's just a bunch of randoms and people who used to go UCLA. The page barely has any clout. Sucks man, you guys are seriously randoms. Terminally random.

320 pussy
I’m putting contact info for owner

320 pussy
I’m putting contact info for owner

Let’s get this shit poppin pussies


To all the spite haters out there…
Pressure makes diamonds… never forget that

Terminally Random Is Now Apart Of Spitelish


Busted my ringpiece using cheap toilet paper


any hot and/or cool spite users located in chicago email me
charmtimefifth@gmail.com

Ideas for a Spite-themed Halloween costume
Drop em

Peom
As the horns swell, I’m reminded of
A discontinued strife
That floats upstream against the barge
Where the Brazos river meets its head.

Every final message 
Is followed by another. 

At 10pm our park gates close,
And so the nights deflected movement
Returns its course 
To the somberlessness of a fledgling routine:

Perhaps I’ll read something else,
Or I know I’ll find a seat on the stoop.
When you remember something because you see it,
You know the thing- some thing. 

There is darkening undulation
In control behind my eyelids
As there are three women
Alongside a farewell strangers passing.

Lion crested walls,
Let me open up your square.

Pussy
I eat it

Pussy
I eat it

Cunt
I be munching nigga

OP is a faggot
Looking at you admin

Clout
Ily 
Ily 
Ily 
Ily
Ily 
Ily 
Ily 
Ily 
Ily 
Dasha

Kike
Spitephile
Spitephobe
Spitestition
Cryptospite
Spitesource
Spitecellectuals
Spiter
Spitentertainer
Spitership

You can be just a little bit gay
But realness is not a spectrum
Fake one time you fake for life
Fold one time you broke for life
Coffee in my hand drinking all my life
Cig in my hand smoking all my life
That’s why nothing feels the same
The money is fake the bitches are fake 
Nothing stayed the same the love it’s all fake and gay
X-ray of love take the pain away

When is somebody going to start
The spitecellectuals account

Sites like Spite
Come on guys… can’t we all just be friends.

Gaming
Was gonna talk about my Skyrim playthrough then I figured out it’s mostly women on here. Girls don’t play video games.

Girl here
I play runescape does that count

I LOAD THE GUN YOU USE TO HUNT
I GUESS IN SPRING I’M JUST A CUNT

I honestly
Really regret posting something I was proud of on here.

Feels like a massive waste and embarrassment with the way the “magazine” has gone.

Girl here


Kim Kardashian App For iPhone
Nintendogs

And 

MyFitnessPal

Only games women allowed to play in UAE

what did you expect from an anonymous gossip board
you cunts are so silly and whiny

I only come here because it makes me mad
And being mad makes me horny

Fingerboarder seaking refuge
I don’t bring much to the table but I’ve got a pretty mean switch flip.

.
This was probably bound to happen. It’s hard for a man and woman to be friends when there’s attraction, and two hopeless romantics can’t fuck and feel nothing.

had a Nightmare
that my cat died, my boyfriend dumped me , and the state passed a law women had to shave their legs at least Once a week

You should sell spite immediately
If anyone is actually offering real money for this  then you should just take it and have spite be censored because you know it won’t last no offense but they will just be out the money and stuck with a useless website and you could literally just build something similar but better Don’t lose out on this opportunity God gave in your life He is trying to give you some money.

Any London based spiters email me
At bigfatninny5@yahoo.com

Don’t listen to that person
They want to buy spite and hoard it for themselves or use it for nefarious purposes

WTF are these so called interested parties even trying to censor
SCATMAN??

Women shaving body hair
pubic hair, etc, should be legally enforced tbh. State mandated laser when?

That’s what I’m saying
nothing will even be censored except for possibly slurs which most people here are too afraid to use except the ones like “retard” that aren’t even slurs

How can I fight back?
You can’t. Just accept it.

Plzzzzzzzz stop spamming it’s so annoying:(
This is why we need a daily cap on posts per user

Writing for Spite
It’s like going to a disgusting dive bar and getting negged by a sexy barmaid in 6 inch stilettos with a dirty mouth and an attitude who’s seen her fair share of barroom rumbles. You could get lucky end up with your balls stomped on or be robbed by local thugs

I get a notification for every post made on Spite and I agree
Stop spamming

Please only post if you have something. Important to say

Thanks

[Outro: Mike Shinoda & Chester Bennington, Choir]
With hands held high into a sky so blue (Amen)
As the ocean opens up to swallow you (Amen)
With hands held high into a sky so blue (Amen)
As the ocean opens up to swallow you (Amen)
With hands held high into a sky so blue (Amen)
As the ocean opens up to swallow you (Amen)
With hands held high into a sky so blue (Amen)
As the ocean opens up to swallow you (Amen)
With hands held high into a sky so blue (Amen)
As the ocean opens up to swallow you (Amen)
With hands held high into a sky so blue (Amen)
As the ocean opens up to swallow you (Amen)

idc about the spam i like that this place is active itss a nice distraction But
can u pls fix/update the spite app its so buggy😭

how is it buggy exactly
works fine for me post svreenshots

Most These Posts Are Being Made By One Mentally Ill User
They Need To Be Studied Ina Lab

how the fuck am I supposed to post screenshots of app lag etc
hoe

There’s a Spite app?????????


Buddy Lee tested
Ur telling me this baby put on my pants?

If you prefer women shaved you’re literally a homosexual
Just come out of the closet already. What’s stopping you? It’s 2024 being gay is socially acceptable 🥱

My $12 dinner


Stop spamming :( :(
Yeah g-g-guys can we pwease stop spamming the message boawd 🥺 only post important stuff!!! like what you as an upper class 20 something year old American white woman are doing about the current international conflicts. (Your story posts are creating change babe just keep posting)

the most active users on spite.fr should be receiving some sort of commission.
just my opinion

If I get 10 likes on this post
I’ll show hole<3

ban shitbulls


me after spite falls into the wrong hands & my identity gets leaked to the press


Some of you are still using spite on browser ?
LOL

Some of you actually downloaded the spite app
I was just gonna say lol but you should genuinely be ashamed

I cant figure out how to turn off notifications on the app
SHUT UPPPPPPPLZ

Iam this close to un downloading


so horny 🥵
need someone to milk me like a dairy cow

I wrote this
They are killing her again.
She said she did it
One year in every ten, 
But they do it annually, or weekly,
Some even do it daily, 
Carrying her death around in their heads 
And practising it. She saves them
The trouble of their own;

Where are the nudes?


U blew it
By not posting cock

Supper


I need the Eternal Sunshine operation
to forget about Spite

Suit yourself
If i post cock post pussy

Deal
🤝

tick tock
waiting for cock

Stop
Stop being horny on spite and say something beautiful instead. Please

Y'all bitch ass niggas axing foe cock n pussy all the goddamn time! ON YO MOMMA!
Can y'all chicken headed wanna be E GIRL Wallace and Gromit head ass hoes stop posting cock + pussy on the board. GODDAMN YALL NEED GOD FR. I'm RUNNING THIS BITCH ON LINUX YOU KNOW HOW HARD IT IS FOR ME TO SCROLL DOWN ON THIS BITCH?!! -AngryTechNigga

In
My mouth. Spite in my mouth mmmmmmgfmfffgfff spite on me babe yeah yea i love the taste of your spite

The spite app be buggy asf


no fr


Something beautiful
May the most holy, most sacred, most adorable, most incomprehensible and ineffable Name of God be forever praised, blessed, loved, adored and glorified in Heaven, on earth, and under the earth, by all the creatures of God.

Summer 2024
I’m sleep deprived and sweaty, sitting in front of the window unit because we don’t have central AC. I’m eating pasta my roommate made with expensive zucchini from the farmer’s market. It’s good but oily, she warned me. I let the oil dribble down my chin even though I know it’ll break me out. I leave my bowl in the sink while I lie on the couch to cool off, and when I come back to the kitchen later she’s washed it for me, so I clean the countertops out of shame. I take out the recycling, too. On my phone I make a list: “This is the summer of.” Bullets say tinned fish and pop girls and quality garments and fragrance and Jeremy Fragrance and Calvin Klein (the drug combo, not the designer) and being sexy, fun, flirty, and free. I try to brainstorm a bullet that’s not trite and/or overdone. I give up. I stand in front of the open fridge and eat cold, firm raspberries from the carton while listening to my roommate and her boyfriend watch The Bachelorette in her bedroom. I wish 25 men would compete for my attention. This is the summer of loneliness. It is a discrepancy. I am surrounded in greater numbers than ever, and the company I keep is good. The desires that remain are both ancient and unspeakable. Last night I had a dream Brandy Melville began making adult films. I went into one of their stores and ended up on the floor, writhing.

War Criminal
doesnt know left from right 
eats a tiny cracker at night
war rations keep da monie tight
if i sees him Ima fight
thinks he upgrded but that aint right
flannel shirt looks rather trite
now i check spotify
FULL OF SPITE

jk lov u

Anyone can write for Spite
But why would anyone want to

My ex used to shop at Brandy Melville
During the pandemic, showing how little she really had in her life (I was certainly no great addition), she had triple messaged the local store asking when they would be open. She mispronounced the ‘Yosemite’ jumper or shirt, I can’t remember what it was, as ‘Yoshmitty’ which led to an ongoing joke for the remainder of our relationship. All in good fun of course.

Why did you break up?


We broke up because she was into rape play and it made me uncomfy


Damn
That sucks

Even the ladies have porn brain now

Sorry
If that formatted weird

Im on the app

i dont get why grown ass women shop at brandy
its literally clothes for basic teenagers are they just trying to show off that theyre skinny or what

Why we broke up
Truthfully I was never crazy about her. I used her as a rebound, and we settled into a relationship. After a while i couldn’t maintain the lie I told myself that I loved her. We broke up August 2020. I don’t know if she went back to Brandy Melville. I was a fool for lying to her for so long. But i thought i could make myself love her.

what is the download link
for spite app

ill post bhole when spite makes it to 500 followers
xoxo ~thatbholeboy~

Don’t do that man
Noone wants to see your asshole man.

“New York” is a hellhole
Stepped on a “rat” and it went “splat” get me out of here!!!!!!

some want to see
even if they wont admit. even to themselves

xoxo ~thatbholeboy~

We wanna see
Girls. Girls. Not guys

That person isn’t from NYC they’re cosplaying
Born and raised here and never seen a rat

wats the diff a bholes a bhole
xoxo ~that bholeboy~

can we add auto sigs here plss
tired of typing it out

xoxo ~thatbholeboy~

Nice try champion
I’ve literally fucked a man in the ass and uou can’t fake the funk

so ur a boy bhole lover and still deny urself
thats sad 

xoxo ~thatbholeboy~

No cunt
I’m an extreme sexual deviant

>"Spite was so good in the old days"
There were like 5 things on it. Yeah life's complicated. A lot of stuff goes on in the world, some good, most of it bad. 

Sorry it isn't your cup of tea the more fucked up stuff. I hope you enjoy your fantasy world. Life is struggle. I disagree with most of you. At least I think I do. We gotta figure it out though right. And what other aid is there but LANGUAGE. Pro-cesspool as early Spitelish would have phrased it.

so ur a perv trying to tell me wat to do w my hole
crazy

xoxo ~thatbholeboy~

I see rats all the time
Not talking about animal either

Yes i’m trying to tell you not to post it mate


@ bhole boy
Ever heard of copy and paste dipshit you don’t have to manually type your tard ass “signature”

ok sweetie im just offering suggestions for how to improve the app
xoxo ~thatbholeboy~

Why do people keep calling it an app
It’s a website not everything is an app you brain atrophied zoomers

i have
haemorrhoids
 xoxo ~thatbholeboy~

that wasnt me
my bhole is medically perfect

ur jel and threatened

xoxo ~thatbholeboy~

that was me
my hole is raggedy and does that thing where it isn't a perfect circle and looks gross xoxo ~thatbholeboy~

THERES LITERALLT AN APP
YOU DONT KNOW WHAT YOUREE TALKING ABOUT SHOO BOOMER

mods ban the imposters ty
xoxo ~thatbholeboy~

only 2 more followers til reveal
my hole is shaking w excitement 

xoxo ~thatbholeboy~

Spite creators got a low ball offer and refused it making em niggas of the century
I feel like the market cap of Spite magazine before subjecting itself to censorship should be much higher. Fokk the hood Imma tax my fiends 300% 500% 1000% 10000% if I can I give no fukks bout these J's tryna fokk my profit up. I got nothing but spike for my opp on 4.

sometimes i go in public toilets
to sniff and lick the cold, skidmarked porcelain while i stroke my girl little clitty toxoxo ~thatbholeboy~

theres a dead giveaway differentiating bw me n imposter
but im not going to say wat it is and help em out

have fun trying to be me u never will

xoxo ~thatbholeboy~

Noticed some unholy posting below. So I decided we need a prayer.
Dear Lord, Rid us of the Goon on Spite

Dear Lord, Rid Us Of The Goon On Spite
Amen

I’m sick of spite being suggested to me on the gram
And promoed by my mutuals
Might block the acct
Can’t wait for this shit to be over 
To any friends of mine  on here
Please find something better to do with your free time

See fucknuts?
Ain't noone give a fuck about your asshole boy. Sit down. We want girls in their 20s posting.

There’s no app
I checked stop trolling

My Hole Is Ready
Butthole boy is barely relevant. Was so 5 minutes ago. Now we're all talking about Butthole girl in the SPITE group chat you aren't apart of.

broke blacked out lady on prado back patio who was refused service who
who said i looked like marshall mathers six times in two minutes while groping me and trying to rap "the real slim shady." that's what spite is like

We would happily accept
Female butthole.

jokes on u just got invited to spite discord
xoxo ~thatbholeboy~

re: broke blacked out lady
she also said i looked like justin timberlake's mugshot and kept asking me to cry her a river

There is no Spite group chat...
Get a life Butthole Boy & Butthole Girl

499
Will some of you please join me in unfollowing the Instagram I’m worried that guy will actually post hole

Some drunk bitch
Threw up in the sand at surf bar and they had to evacuate  to clean

The Spite Magazine discord
Ayoo I'm in the discord right now playing Forza Motorsports. Butthole Boy in last place, if he lose we banning him from the cord. We goin nerd mode in this bitch  -AngryTechNigga

Thank god for spite
This shit makes me laugh so hard I cry. I need to cut down my screen time but spite is singlehandedly lifting me out of a depressive spell thank you.

That’s great anon but this isn’t a comedy website
So please contribute some poetry while you’re racking up screen time

-Management

Poem
Here's a poem about,
about magazine spite
i hope bhole boy
keeps out of sight.

Always hungry, never full
For a year of my life
my hormones were wrong 
and I was always hungry,
never full.

This was corrected 
with the help of pills
and a patch under my waistband,

but I think it remains true,
on the whole.

When I’m drunk, all music sounds good
When I’m hungover, all music sounds bad

That wasn’t a poem it was just an observation


Poetry
You’re broke and fat//
Cat in the hat

Infidelity is so difficult
There are so many obstacles. How unfair!

who is everyone’s favorite recurring character on spite


my fav recurring character
i like the tech nword

FIX THE FUCKING APP!!!!!!!!!!!!


It’s an orbit or be orbited world


recovering og egirl
does anyone else think that orbiting evolved from a repression of fertility cult type sexual impulse

SAGE
I see zoomers have not yet learned the way of the post. 

Just sit back and watch these fingers fuck.

I’m a heterosexual man


>spiteposting from a coastal ip address
ishygddt

Pfffft I'm weak management
Manage these nutttz nigga Lmeow nahh but in all seriousness I got some floetry from my time doing a bid in county if y'all really tryna shuck and jive wit a brotha- AngryTechNigga

Got blocked
Maybe it’s real this time. Maybe this time it will actually stop, the ig pettiness. We can all go back to our respective secret boyfriends, and be free. That’s what it’s all about right? The whole reason we follow each other is so we can have secret little phone bfs and gfs it’s crazy. I’m dating like 14 people on ig alone I wonder if I’ll find a spite user to add to the polycule… 

im sad but it’s fine, cute but syco >.<

Im sorry
And if it all didn’t matter (don’t you get that) if it all didn’t matter I could wish it all away and have two fingers instead of thumbs, dexterous they could reach anything. And maybe there would be a time upon all could work. Don’t you understand. Everyone thinks I’m a wanker boy. Everyone thinks I’m stupid. Time passes as if it’s not time at all. I can make time I can create what is not there. Three fingers I’m sorry I’ll pray to god. I listened to that song with you. I pray for time I could have spent with you. But that is what not this is now. I’m so sorry.

TikToks have a back door
That allows the Chinese communist party to hack devices through reposted videos even if you don't have the app on your device stop reporting tiktok videos or you'll  become a communist pig

Interesting find
Found this vintage Xanax container behind my house recently

I miss the Old Spite
I miss the end of August. Spite users now are so boring, flooding the forum with random tasteless nothings & random stints of regular levels of horny. I miss the spite posters and the old days before this nonsense shit. You cant keep up with these ugly girls and guys. I really dont even know if a single thing has been said. Honestly I cant phrase this, but please swipe through and see the lifeless stories. One was like someone saying their ex shopped at Brandy Melville? I dont know I feel like this has turned from a fun, interesting website to some crowd destroyed minion attention points dopamine crave.

I miss the Old Spite
I miss the end of August. Spite users now are so boring, flooding the forum with random tasteless nothings & random stints of regular levels of horny. I miss the spite posters and the old days before this nonsense shit. You cant keep up with these ugly girls and guys. I really dont even know if a single thing has been said. Honestly I cant phrase this, but please swipe through and see the lifeless stories. One was like someone saying their ex shopped at Brandy Melville? I dont know I feel like this has turned from a fun, interesting website to some crowd destroyed minion attention points dopamine crave.

People who go to ucla
SHUT THE FUCK UP NOBODY CARES ABOUT YOUR OPINION YOUR MOTHER DOESNT LOVE YOU AND YOU WERE ADOPTED

Today is


all diseases are autism
>psychotronic weapons used on civilians worldwide
>"targeted stress engineering isn't real OP"
enjoy being a poor puppet and a rube

pic unrelated

morse code
the war criminal is sending me subliminal messages on spotify, but i know its a trick. How do you sleep at night buckwheat?

Cold showers
You ever just, wake up and take a shower

The fact that so many books still name the Beatles
as "the greatest or most significant or most influential" rock band ever only tells you how far rock music still is from becoming a serious art. Jazz critics have long recognized that the greatest jazz musicians of all time are Duke Ellington and John Coltrane, who were not the most famous or richest or best sellers of their times, let alone of all time. Classical critics rank the highly controversial Beethoven over classical musicians who were highly popular in courts around Europe. Rock critics, instead, are still blinded by commercial success. The Beatles sold more than anyone else (not true, by the way), therefore they must have been the greatest. Jazz critics grow up listening to a lot of jazz music of the past, classical critics grow up listening to a lot of classical music of the past. Rock critics are often totally ignorant of the rock music of the past, they barely know the best sellers.

Weed turning the frogs gay


Re: the weed turning frogs gay
Correlation does not imply causation

UGHHH MARGARINE IS CAUSING DIVORCE UGHHH OH MY GOD

They don’t call it margarine anymore
They call it “vegan butter”

Spite broke 500 followers
Where’s bhole boi

This page is losing momentum
Admin doesn’t even seem that invested anymore

Big Chungus or Hawk Tuah
Guys I just can’t pick 😭

can someone pick me up from lax at like 3pm tomorrow


Yeh
I’m from poopstown you mean LAX airport in laxative ? Hmu

By LAX do you mean O’Hare
I don’t have a car but I can take the blue line up to meet you

Mfs dont realize clout flows both ways


wdym


Say goodbye to Brat Summer
And hello to Brandon Wardell Fall

spite mag is giving content cop


No one worth their salt is ever going to post on Spite
Good artists want to be known for their work. The anonymous format is an insult

Inventing words to categorize the indescribable nature of being
There is something very scary about teenage girls online commenting: “what is this aesthetic called?” I’m taking you to the woods and throwing you to the beasts and you will see yourself as the creature you are. You will thank me later

admin making ig posts then taking them down when they dont get enough likes
thats legit embarrassing

SPITE HAS BACKFIRED
IT IS NOW ANOTHER SOURCE OF SPITE RATHER THAN A CATHARTIC CHANNEL WHEREIN TO EXPRESS PREEXISTING SPITE

Personally I like spite
Can yall stop talking down on everything and just have fun

If Spite has a million fans, I'm one of them
If Spite has one fan, then I'm THAT ONE
If Spite has no fans, that means I'm dead

I will always love and support SPITE
Even if the whole world stands against SPITE

¡VIVA SPITE!

spite has gotten too meta


FAT Latinas
Not Latinos, just the females. 
Annoying, retarded, and ugly

FAT Latinas
Not Latinos, just the females. 
Annoying, retarded, and ugly

I have a love-hate relationship with Spite
Can’t live with, can’t live without

applying for jobs makes me wanna kms
im so desperate ive started falling for those job scams that sell your data 
i know ill never increase share holder value just fucking kill me already

The guy that lit himself on fire that one time
What an incompetent freak. Had a loving wife and kids with a very well paying job also had a bunch of benefits because it was a government position. Would you throw that all away just for people to forget your name after like 6 months. Disgusting, I’m praying for his family. If you are an American citizen forget about this war it’s nonsense.

In addition: guys that set themselves on fire
I was referring to the Palestine protester, not the other nihilist that did it for spite in front of the court house.

I really hate New York transplants even though I'm dating one
It makes me so sad

Aaron Bushnell
was brave unironically and you’ll never do anything half as principled

Re: Aaron Bushnell
That’s so cringe

lady on the phone
fuck you fuck you fuck you it's so quiet except for you loud as shit fuck you fucj you fuck you

Good thing I have values
That I place above being called based or cringe by some bushwick zombie-clone

Spite
I’m going back to /pol/

Spite
I’m going back to /pol/

Coffee makes me feel so unwell I have to take a nap after drinking
Instead of energizing me..: what’s up with this?

natural deodorant
you're disgusting and deserve to be shamed and ostracized if you don't wear aluminum deodorant. absolutely disgusting... and there is no excuse bc you could just were deodorant and not smell

I wear Native (aluminum-free) deo
And regularly get compliments on my scent shut thee fuck up

Admin reveal


FWIW


You’re all boring
And have bad skin, spiritually speaking

Realization
My followers who are just randos I've met partying over the years aren't going to save me

It happened again today
Sometime people think I'm a transmasc but I'm just a dude.
I don't care about genders and pronouns, the social warfare around the topic feels stupid to me.

i miss him
can you believe it. hes just gone. i used to know him. now i don’t. so sad

🕳️


Poo poo pee pee
Poopy poop 
Peepy pee
Poopoo 
Peepee
Poopy peepy

natural deodorant
lol... glad ur wearing that shit far away from me then :)

RIP SPITE MAG
8/22/24 - 9/4/24

maybe rebrand
as SPRITE , a place for the young and lively to write and so forth

It’s over
Pack it up

when i‘m back in chicago
I FEEL IT

annoying people are gone its just us now
youre safe

chicago


how old is the spire creator
anyone know? i dont like to support artists younger than my its the comparative spite in me

1892 users active
subtract counter when session closes btw

Spite flavoured vape


Is it true that when you have a wound you can use drinking alcohol to clean the wound?


Re: is it true that when you have a wound you can use drinking alcohol to clean the wound?
Well, I once did use vodka, from my hip flask, poured liberally upon a knee besieged by cactus needles….after liberally having poured some of the same down the throat of the patient. The patient, who had been warned repeatedly NOT to run down the path, did squeal liberally as well during the subsequent removal procedure. Thankfully, no infection ensued, and the rafting trip continued for the gentleman. Pity, in a way, Lenny snored so much, we pondered drowning him…. So, long story short, vodka would be better than nothing, also handy to make a snake open its jaws when clamped on your hand. Snakes do NOT like vodka poured across their mouth. So, especially if snakes survive the upcoming zombie apocalypse, vodka will come in handy…..

scabies
when they prescribe you permethrin and you think they prescribed you promethazine but really it’s just permethrin and you have scabies.

ketamine taste like granny
what type of ket is it . cause it sucks . and i always know it’s gonna suck . when it sniffs like granny.

Person posting about Chicago
Who are you. I’m here

This morning I woke up from a dream that I told my ex I still loved him and always would
And realized I’d slept through therapy

so when did buffalos become racist
i bought this hat december of 2020, trying to further develop my animal hat collection. it arrived in the beginning of january and i was so excited to wear my cool buffalo hat. then literally like a few days later jan 6th happened, the fucking insurrection 😭 and it made buffalo hat TOTALLY UNCOOL. i threw it in the back of my closet and forgot about it >_< upon my rediscovery this christmas, i am ECSTATIC to announce that  enough time has passed and buffalo hats are BACK IN ^_^ good luck finding one guys i am pretty sure its a RARE hat…

i just dipped my toes into this water
and ill be honest. you people scare me. so yeah, maybe i just copy and pasted something i wrote MONTHS ago, maybe longer, to post onto spite. because you dont deserve me at my nowness (epicness, greatness, beauty, possibly general superiority). btw only did it because spite followed ME FIRST and i have a HUGE EGO.

i dont want to hear about your drug addiction
because i do more drugs, better than you, so hearing you talking about it makes me SICK with embarrassment. you will never feel how i feel, and the only one worse off has to be, YOU, the person reading this, u definitely suck more than THAT GUY and ME. which is a lot.

how many times do i have to tell people im a novelist before it actually happens because im kind of
tired of talking about it

Spite unfollowed me on instgram
Is this what it feels like to be spited

Spite unfollowed me on instgram
Is this what it feels like to be spited

Astral Projecting Gone Wrong
I was traversing the faux-corners in the non-Euclidean geometric realms of the astrum. AND ACCIDENTALLY JACKED OFF a rhombus like entity, now I’m emotionally entangled with said shape, why the fuck was a Euclidean shape in a non-Euclidean realm? Beats me anyway.

the girl my ex cheated on me with
I put all her contact information on fake insurance websites. Knowing she is suffering the mild inconvenience of being spammed has muted my previously incessant thoughts of committing violent acts. Is this what moving on feels like?

dimes is gay
Peter Vack and Curtis from IonPack are in a secret gay relationship

stalker or culture curator
In the past three years has sent me 1) yearlong subscription to W magazine and 2) Period Bomb memoir/autobiography titled “Tales of the Cunt” I assume it’s the same sender but i can’t think of anyone. In any case i wish whoever it is wasn’t so private, i think we would have a beautiful life together

Swag Money Freestyle
My Iphone Money My Macbook Money My Samsung Money My FlipPhone Money  My Tesla Money My Nvidia Money  My 98 Impreza Money My Rolex Money My Goyard Money I'll never be broke fuck management I got Money - AngryTechNigga

Spite Magazine is Giving Edgy but Cute Vibes
Spite Magazine is giving edge without completion. Leaving the reader always wanting more from the website. Will a new character appear? Will someone doxx or post nudes? I am not asking for that, but just saying what if? Will two users get into a long winded argument publicly anonymously? Will someone write an interesting poem? Will someone write an interesting story? I don't know but I am here and wet/hard for it :3

True or false


Re: It Happened Again Today
We're here for you bro keep it together remember to mew.

chicago….
………………..
                        . …..i feel it….

pinned post is dumb
drugs not cool anymore put ur finger on the pulse

maybe dmt
but thats it

Yeah we're all getting sober now and reading books
Guy below me is right pinned post is dumb!
We're all going straight edge and mewing 
till we're constipated!

Spite has inspired me
to pursue poetry

re: Yeah we're all getting sober now and reading books
i am a girl faggot

Re: Re: It Happened Again Today
trans masc allegations just means your beautiful. we love you
sincerely,
the girls

I need intercourse like my life depends on it
Hmu

I miss the old Spite,
straight from the 'Go Spite
Chop up the soul Spite, set on his goals Spite
I hate the new Spite, the bad mood Spite
The always rude Spite, spaz in the news Spite
I miss the sweet Spite, chop up the beats Spite
I gotta say at that time I'd like to meet Spite
See I invented Spite, it wasn't any Spites
And now I look and look around and there's so many Spites
I used to love Spite, I used to love Spite
I even had the pink polo, I thought I was Spite
What if Spite made a song about Spite
Called "I Miss The Old Spite," man that would be so Spite
That's all it was Spite, we still love Spite
And I love you like Spite loves Spite

adisen ray
really proud of her <3(heart)

adisen ray
really proud of her <3(heart)

Broke my glass dildo
It shattwred

I miss the scatman :(


sneak beach


TRAPPED IN THE VENUE AT PSYCOPHANTS
While I was sick in the bathroom, I was locked inside of the venue at PSYCOPHANTS . IT WAS DADK AND SCARY AND ALL THE DOORS TO GET OUTSIDE WERE LOVKED. I CALLED JASMINE JOHNSON AND TEXTED HER THAT NIGHT WHILE I WAS TRAPPED APPROXIMATELY 4AM AND  SHE TOLD ME she WOULD HAVE SOMEONE COME GET ME. NOBODY CAME UNTIL 12 AM THE HORRORS I EXPERIENCED ALONE IN THE DARK. THAT NIGHT AT PLAZA REMAIN INDESCRIBABLE

spite spite spite
im not spite i am spite im full of spite spite is so gay spite is so hot spite is trending spite is on my mind spite is nothing spite is for writers spite is for readers spite is illiterate spite is full of incels spite doesn’t have enough pussy what is the meaning of spite do you have the spite bug my friend just told me she’s on a date with a doctor who gave her, her first pap smear in 2021 that feels pretty spite. SPITE

Peom
The misery can accumulate
Further and more steadily,
But with certainty it continues further.

The years will come
And every goodbye will sting
Like a flagpole through my heart.

My heart lies in the warehouse
Gutted. Particles accumulate,
Particles of mold and concrete.

There is a hope within,
Poised with sword in hand
Inscribed with names and meaning.

Swords can rust.
My blade remains unbloodied,
Pushing forward

Into the heart of a trip
With a place with the name
That meant something.

A gentle nod
And a rugged hat 
To keep my hair from falling.

Boredom awaits until misery sinking.
I walk where I please-
Here to him she said goodbye.

I still miss my ex
now 
left with nothing identifiable 
about your being
i fiend for clues
and rely on evidence
i know which steps you take
because i was there
while you decided on direction
i know because i was there
the scratch on paper
signed with your name
the smiles on film
there is still evidence of us
for those who care to seek it

I don't have problems I am fine
online country
we are an online country
but we are all leaders
never mid temp
low or high
db
let me clip the bass yo
let me clip the bass yo
let me clip the bass yo
shoutout to the gang yo
why cant we all just be water
dont take it from my mind i take it from yours
I love you
its ours
and I am running around
im yours
forever
and we're running around
brg forever
I love you
Amen
freedom
freedom
'dont do anything illegal like gg alen said
be safe
if you do
utilize others as your mule to bring the wares
always be safe
always have a shadow clone
always have a home
Love your family
Love your friends
dont ever hurt your friends
always give all you can to everyone and anyone
but also
hold more than enough for yourself and the ones you love
be positive
think postive
if you are here you have the power to make something more powerful than even the bubble you are in
our bubbles are beautiful exist in as many as you can
and win
always win
we spin because we win
my hearts spinning because I am alive
I love you all
win

Venting
Im so sad, but I've always been. It's dragged down so much of my life like a black hole that nothing seems to escape, even
time.
I feel happy and then sad and the cycle never seems to stop. Half the time I cause
it, the other it's
coincidental.
I'm
going to therapy like I should've a long time
ago.I
just wish I didn't need it, I wish I was okay, I wish, nothing ever hurt and that I wasn't so fragile. I love everyone that supports me and cares about me,
I
appreciate
it,I'm
sorry if I've ever made you feel like it didn't matter, I just have a hard time accepting good things. Bad things have_always been so constant in my life that they're so much more real to me. Any way thanks for reading if you did, it's okay if you didn't. I feel embarrassed saying so much but I need to talk about it

Spite has gotten emo
Yuck! Where’s the life-affirming Spite I got so used to

ppl dont want to post on spite anymore
theyve moved on to bigger and better things

Cigarettes never lie to you
Cigarettes never lie to you Cigarettes never manipulate you into hating your loved ones Cigarettes never whine to you Cigarettes never shill you scams Cigarettes never deceive you Cigarettes never fool you cigarettes never love you Cigarettes are the net neutrality Death web

Just moved into a new place
Moved in to a new place.
Didn't like one of my roommates.
So I wrote
" stupid cunt your room smells like piss"
 On her wall 
With A sharpie
She left it there and asked me for a cigarette

romance isn’t dead


So close so far
I almost fell in love again, life is sad poetry.

my soul is riddled with anxiety whoever it is stop thinking about me
im really scared and i miss you

I owe a bunch of people a bunch of money
And I’m scared

What if switching to progressive
could save you money and more on car insurance

i’m a columnist for spite.fr
❤️‍🩹

adderall
adderALL for ALL, except the belligerent. they dont need it.

APATHY IS NOT GOOD OR COOL!
there are better alternatives to boredom then drinking, masturbation, and filling the air with words loosened by having chemically altered your cognition -- remember that and maybe you will finish the first chapter of your 5 year project sitting in scrivner. find love from above again.

Poet cried in front of me
Twice!!! Should have never fucked him now he just writes shitty poems about me being a villain which makes me want to fuck him more

Honestly guys I think Billy is very demure
very mindful

The site is filled with women


I don't wanna share this space
I don't wanna force a smile
This one girl taps my insecurities
Don't know if it's real or if I'm spiraling
One voice tells me that they laugh
George says, "I'm just paranoid"
Says he just don't see it, he's so naive
I'm embarrassed to have it, but need the sympathy
'Cause I couldn't even be her if I tried
I'm opposite, I'm on the other side
I feel all these feelings I can't control
Oh no, don't know why
All this sympathy is just a knife
Why I can't even grit my teeth and lie?
I feel all these feelings I can't control
Oh no, don't know
Why I wanna buy a gun?
Why I wanna shoot myself?
Volatile at war with my dialogue
I'd say that there was a God if they could stop this
Wild voice tearing me apart
I'm so apprehensive now
Don't wanna see her backstage at my boyfriend's show
Fingers crossed behind my back, I hope they break up quick
'Cause I couldn't even be her if I tried
I'm opposite, I'm on the other side
I feel all these feelings I can't control
Oh no, don't know why
All this sympathy is just a knife
Why I can't even grit my teeth and lie?
I feel all these feelings I can't control (oh no)
All this sympathy is just a knife
All this sympathy is just a lie
All this sympathy is just a knife
Yeah, all this sympathy is just a lie
Oh no, oh no
Why is all this sympathy a fucking knife?
Yeah, all this sympathy is just a lie
Couldn't even be her if I tried
Oh no, oh no

is it just me or is the rate of posting slowing down on spite


sneak beach


Postman
As a postman in Melbourne, I’ve got my fair share of gripes. First off, let’s talk about the traffic. Melbourne's streets are a nightmare, and the congestion always throws my schedule out of whack. I spend more time stuck in traffic than actually delivering mail sometimes. Then there’s the weather—Melbourne’s climate is all over the place. One day it’s blazing hot, the next it's pouring rain. It makes delivering mail a real slog and just adds to the stress. And don’t get me started on the workload. During busy times like the holidays, the amount of mail piles up, and I’m running around trying to keep up. It’s exhausting, both physically and mentally. Security is another headache. I’ve got to be on high alert, especially in areas where theft is common. It’s not easy keeping an eye on everything while trying to get my deliveries done. Navigating the city is another challenge—Melbourne’s suburbs can be confusing, with all the roadworks and weird street layouts. Sometimes it feels like I’m spending more time finding my way around than actually delivering mail. Dealing with customer complaints and missing mail issues can really test my patience, too. It feels like I’m constantly having to explain things or deal with problems that aren't even my fault. All in all, it’s a tough job with its fair share of frustrations, but it’s part of the deal if you want to keep the mail moving.

I went my own way and I made it
I'm your favorite reference, baby
Call me Gabbriette, you're so inspired
Ah, ah
I'm tectonic, moves, I make 'em
Shock you like defibrillators
No style, I can't relate
I'll always be the one, ah
Drop down, yeah
Put the camera flash on
So stylish
Baby, tears all gone
Drop down, yeah
Lookin' like an icon
Work angles, yeah
Yeah, 360
When you're in the mirror, do you like what you see?
When you're in the mirror, you're just looking at me
I'm everywhere, I'm so Julia
Ah-ah, ah
When you're in the party b-b-bumpin' that beat
666 with a princess streak
I'm everywhere, I'm so Julia
Ah-ah, ah
Bumpin' that
Bumpin' that
Bumpin' that
That city sewer slut's the vibe
Internationally recognized
I set the tone, it's my design
And it's stuck in your mind
Legacy is undebated
You gon' jump if A. G. made it
If you love it, if you hate it
I don't fucking care what you think
Drop down, yeah
Put the camera flash on
So stylish
Baby, tears all gone
Drop down, yeah
Lookin' like an icon
Work angles, yeah
Yeah, 360
When you're in the mirror, do you like what you see?
When you're in the mirror, you're just looking at me
I'm everywhere, I'm so Julia
Ah-ah, ah
When you're in the party b-b-bumpin' that beat
666 with a princess streak
I'm everywhere, I'm so Julia
Ah-ah, ah
Bumpin' that
Bumpin' that
Bumpin' that
Ah-ah, ah
Bumpin' that
Bumpin' that
Bumpin' that
Ah-ah, ah

FTLOG
for the love of god will the admin do their moderator job and take this down 👇

Mod is useless
Dick in hand conked out on research chemicals

Don’t
Don’t talk shit on the admin/mod, pedophile

spam
i dont think we need more than one angelicism account theyre spawning in different variants like covid

i ❤️ admin
thankyou for protecting us from evil images

Spite IG admin
got hit by a truck

My personal thoughts on spite
I am a sick man.... I am a spiteful man. I am an unattractive man. I think my liver is diseased. However, I know nothing at all about my disease, and do not know for certain what ails me. I don’t consult a doctor for it, and never have, though I have a respect for medicine and doctors. Besides, I am extremely superstitious, sufficiently so to respect medicine, anyway (I am well-educated enough not to be superstitious, but I am superstitious). No, I refuse to consult a doctor from spite. That you probably will not understand. Well, I understand it, though. Of course, I can’t explain who it is precisely that I am mortifying in this case by my spite: I am perfectly well aware that I cannot “pay out” the doctors by not consulting them; I know better than anyone that by all this I am only injuring myself and no one else. But still, if I don’t consult a doctor it is from spite. My liver is bad, well—let it get worse!

I have been going on like that for a long time—twenty years. Now I am forty. I used to be in the government service, but am no longer. I was a spiteful official. I was rude and took pleasure in being so. I did not take bribes, you see, so I was bound to find a recompense in that, at least. (A poor jest, but I will not scratch it out. I wrote it thinking it would sound very witty; but now that I have seen myself that I only wanted to show off in a despicable way, I will not scratch it out on purpose!)

When petitioners used to come for information to the table at which I sat, I used to grind my teeth at them, and felt intense enjoyment when I succeeded in making anybody unhappy. I almost did succeed. For the most part they were all timid people—of course, they were petitioners. But of the uppish ones there was one officer in particular I could not endure. He simply would not be humble, and clanked his sword in a disgusting way. I carried on a feud with him for eighteen months over that sword. At last I got the better of him. He left off clanking it. That happened in my youth, though.

But do you know, gentlemen, what was the chief point about my spite? Why, the whole point, the real sting of it lay in the fact that continually, even in the moment of the acutest spleen, I was inwardly conscious with shame that I was not only not a spiteful but not even an embittered man, that I was simply scaring sparrows at random and amusing myself by it. I might foam at the mouth, but bring me a doll to play with, give me a cup of tea with sugar in it, and maybe I should be appeased. I might even be genuinely touched, though probably I should grind my teeth at myself afterwards and lie awake at night with shame for months after. That was my way.

I was lying when I said just now that I was a spiteful official. I was lying from spite. I was simply amusing myself with the petitioners and with the officer, and in reality I never could become spiteful. I was conscious every moment in myself of many, very many elements absolutely opposite to that. I felt them positively swarming in me, these opposite elements. I knew that they had been swarming in me all my life and craving some outlet from me, but I would not let them, would not let them, purposely would not let them come out. They tormented me till I was ashamed: they drove me to convulsions and—sickened me, at last, how they sickened me! Now, are not you fancying, gentlemen, that I am expressing remorse for something now, that I am asking your forgiveness for something? I am sure you are fancying that ... However, I assure you I do not care if you are....

It was not only that I could not become spiteful, I did not know how to become anything; neither spiteful nor kind, neither a rascal nor an honest man, neither a hero nor an insect. Now, I am living out my life in my corner, taunting myself with the spiteful and useless consolation that an intelligent man cannot become anything seriously, and it is only the fool who becomes anything. Yes, a man in the nineteenth century must and morally ought to be pre-eminently a characterless creature; a man of character, an active man is pre-eminently a limited creature. That is my conviction of forty years. I am forty years old now, and you know forty years is a whole lifetime; you know it is extreme old age. To live longer than forty years is bad manners, is vulgar, immoral. Who does live beyond forty? Answer that, sincerely and honestly I will tell you who do: fools and worthless fellows. I tell all old men that to their face, all these venerable old men, all these silver-haired and reverend seniors! I tell the whole world that to its face! I have a right to say so, for I shall go on living to sixty myself. To seventy! To eighty! ... Stay, let me take breath ...

I miss you core
I miss you core
Round About 
Oval insides 
Another written Score
Another sullen whore
The Knifes hot on the plate 
I feel myself
Just another Rape 
Playing the game
Like it's 
Ape escape

Spite
Gay

A Bitch With A MacBook Is Prettier than A Girl With A Chromebook
You're not as much of a data bitch as me

I have to love and become myself every single day forever
I went swimming twice today

My legs are sore but it feels good

I rememberrrrrr
My teeth have shifted, my hair has dried, and my lips even plumped.
You’re absence has had such an impact on my brain that my body’s adjusted to mimic yours.
When I look into the mirror and I see my pale thighs squish together like marshmallow ropes I see yours the same.
Singing a song as my bottom lip folds down and out peek my crooked bottom teeth,there you are
Pulling out some strands of fried split hair like the ones we used to trade when we were small when I loved you. 
Everything’s different we’re different we’re different people but the plump in my lips,the curve in my teeth,the scars and shadows on and from my breasts the playlists I’ll never tire of, 
They’re yours they’re mine they’re us

too many
too many people putting no effort into their appearances. also too many french ppl .

The monster is changing me


The monster is changing me


listen old bae new bae
listen old bae new bae have the same square im worried television joke we almost cut each other head off television ? so funny cuz it happened to me too

listen old bae new bae
listen old bae new bae have the same square im worried television joke we almost cut each other head off television ? so funny cuz it happened to me too

You are pure art
You are pure art 🫶🏼🧃🐯
Loveee

Fag
You’re short. You’re a dick. Sex with you fucking sucks. Your cat has cancer. I hope you get in a drunk car crash. Eat shit and die!

It’s over for infamous emerging director


someone they themmed me
someone they themmed me :(

roses
listen i’m allowed to say the r word and th f word because my bff is both but the way i have four bffs and they are all both. guess who! j word sucks. bye!

Toy Story 2 was just an OK movie
You already know

Im crying Becayse he stood me Up
I feel so bad and stupid i looked pretty tonight im going to burn myself with a cigarette

생일 축하합니다 PRIYA!
생일 축하합니다 PRIYA!

The government hawk tuah'd my money away
Fuck the government and that dumb girl

Does it get better
Are we meant to be miserable forever

Fake data bitches
No woman doing data analysis would ever use either macOS or whatever souped up version of android they’re running on chromebooks nowadays . OP is a fake. you will never be a woman in stem. And That pic is not you. You could never be her in one million years

how come?
i don’t get why everyone treats me rudely and i can’t tell if they mean to or not but it bums me out. i have a fine life and can deal with it but i do not have bad intentions, i don’t wanna fuck any of you, i don’t want to grab clout off of your lame projects, i just thought maybe we were on the same team and that you were curious and free and excited about meeting people and being friends and partying and stuff but i guess not. idk what you want or what your beef is but it’s exhausting to try to parse the cowardly non-gestures and baby talk. i wish if someone had a genuine problem they would hash it out with me.

men
never forget that men hate you no matter what

data science on mac
unix > windows

I think I’m scared of having the audacity to live my life
And I think I use grad school as a shield from being in the real world. To make me feel like I’m doing something. It is so expensive and I don’t even fuck with it really and I also dont know if an MA will ever end up being useful. I think I’m just doing it because idk what else I’d do. I think the best thing would be to find some audacity or some balls or some creative motivation but I just cannot figure it out. Should I drop out of school and grow a pair? What would I even need for my balls to grow? The fuck am I doing here? Does anyone understand me? If I started writing would anyone get it? Would it even be good? If I wrote a story would it be good? What would it even be about? How do I start? I used to love writing, now I only write for homework. The few things I have started I end up thinking are so lame later. Is it best to just not even think about whether it’s good or bad, and just write? Because I can never tell and it makes me crazy. Maybe I’m not cut out for it. But I wanna be. That’s like always been the end goal. I’m not a lazy person, I’m very proactive. I just don’t know what steps to take to get there. You could say I’m lost. I fuck with Spite though. It’s way cooler than Reddit.

So many of my friends are functioning drug addicts
Slowly becoming non-functioning

Is it wrong of me to be so judgmental  of New York
Because I lowkey think living here makes people bad. Why do u want to be seen so much? I fall into it too

ㅤ/ᐠ - ˕ -マ


I am the first woman to egirl on Spite
sam hyde bashed marky´s nose in but I don't think you know it the boys, they really like to write. Boys want to be famous but it's the girls who have to do it and that is why there's love, becoz, its about doing something, when i post i post for you anon I guess i post for pajeets too

a poem for spite (read below)


Ex Sam Hyde superfan
I was 14 when my older brother showed me the bowl cut video. He used to be really funny now he’s just a washed up negative queer
Like a lot of you but that’s fine
You’ll all be me slaves in paradixe

Sam Hyde is a jew


Meow
Hello cat girl, what would u like for ur breakfast princess

We're all becoming online addicted cyber faggots
...

Yes
But it’s going to be okay. The only way out is through. Don’t be a pussy about it

Trump Jesus America Family
There is no problem

Please give me advice or feedback
I'm mid 20s should I get a corporate media job or keep trying to impress people on Instagram

I haven't checked my ex girlfriends (they/them) social media for a month
Feeling really good right now but I need more drama

I want everyone to like me


My slaves in paradixe


for the record i am a woman in stem - data analyst
and yes i agree there's so many fake data bitches bc if you work in the field u know it's not cool lol stolen valor

Dell user btw. 

and also how i know ur not serious is when u start with ""data science"" (key word on science btw) when u dont even know basic stats

get real

btw data "scientist" is not an entry level position


The world is collapsing and I can only be a hopeless romantic
I am in a corner and I am watching how my tribe is taking drugs and becoming violent on the other side of the fire I meet these magnetic eyes and I feel the tension, should I jump through the fire and yeah

You're not a genius you're not the voice of a generation
I'm so tired of all the hyperbolic glazing that's thrown around in the art / writing world. No one is the "best curator" or the "last great artiste" and your buddy isn't a visionary or a genius. Calling your buddy a genius is the poor version of the mandatory standing ovations at those fancy film premieres where if you only get a five minute ovation that's like a B+. Can we all just be a little bit realistic?? As soon as someone has an ounce of clout they gotta be a "legend", like?we gotta calm down, we all sound nervous

what happened to creation
entertainment is good. but why do so many people only consume what others have made?

put a piano in your living room. hang up your own paintings. bring back the arts in your home

On Babies and scabies
We've hit a fork in the road.

"Good" literature will not become more or less sophisticated. [Except for purposeful typos to beat the AI allegations]

Nepobabies and their sponsored exposure will get their crown of flowers. But no unknowns will rise
Perhaps focused passion will create something new but no one can focus for that long. The tube of attention is cut to 3 months. Is 3 months enough time to become the next Kafka?
This site sucks on mobile

Complaints
"What happened to x" What happened to y" "Why don't people still make the same sort of infantile media from 2016 that I'm used to" "I hate that no one in the scene like me because I'm a non-productive bitter retard" That's how the spite critical scene theooooorists sound

re: You're not a genius you're not the voice of a generation
The only one being hyperbolic is you, faggot. Literally no one is calling their friends "legendary" in a serious way. If they are they're either marketing or just being downright supportive. Maybe you should get some friends who make work that you're proud of? Maybe get some friends who feel proud of having you in their life, retard

Re. Re. You're not a genius
Hey dork, maybe gain an ounce of self confidence so you don't freak out and start hysterically yelling slurs online the moment someone suggests it's hyperbolic to call everyone geniuses and genre defining figures. The post was literally about how we can all be supportive without feeling this crushing branding pressure to overstate things, but you just had to project your own little battles all over it you silly little guy lol. It must be a real joy to have you as a peer :)

On the age we live
We all wished to hard on our pennies that [it] would never die. Now it doesn't. You can never escape them. Just a new account away

Retract:No it's perfect
It's like a Twitter with no likes. No followers. No retweets. No AI. No dollars. No sense.

re: re: re: you're not a genius
You're right, I'm sorry. I shouldn't have used slurs. I'm just feeling a bit insecure lately. I shouldn't have taken it out on you. I think I just needed a sandwich and a Gatorade and then I'll be okay again

11:11 make a wish


Saturday
He held my hand and kissed me. I'm always Scared it will be last time

Saturday
He held my hand and kissed me. I'm always Scared it will be last time

i posted a selfie on the grid
can everyone like it please? thank you :)

I watched You
roll around on the floor in Downtown Los Angeles. I can’t believe You fell asleep with all Your clothes on.

how does this
how does this work do i just type?

I am a genius
Fr

In bed listening to mk.gee
In bed listening to mk.gee and I forgot to take all my meds. Wanted to say I love you fellow fake literature fans. 🕊️

collapse
I like him, he is smart

Even though I love u
I’m not listening to bladee for u

who can i tell about my dreams
they’re infringing upon my waking life

surviving on coins


Who finna…
Who finna monetize this site? Someone sitting on a gold mine for real. Cha ching $$

if nobody lets me tell them about my dreams im just going to post them here
i had a nightmare about my professor so bad i didn’t go to school for a week last semester

YikYak
I associate yikyak with autumn, autumn with possibility, to admit truths to yourself you would not otherwise. 

I was in college when yikyak was alive the first time. I was feeling alone in a new place, unsure of who I was, tired of my facebook self, and enjoying the company of disembodied sans serif voices, also not knowing. On cold days, it warmed me to know that people within a few mile radius of me were also alive and uncertain and stupid as shit.

because of yikyaks proximity feature, the anonymous postings had in them a yearning that was absent in other online anonymous spaces, like you really were telling someone nearby a secret, like you might even meet them.

I graduated, forgot about yikyak. sometime between 2018 and 2020, I think I was dying inside. I finally visited 4chan and understood that avenues for online anonymity had always existed, but the energy there was sad, and everyone was the same voice, an unpleasant one. On yikyak, everyone was their own distinct sort of lonely lovesick horny dumbass.

in heaven, all names will dissolve, all shall be revealed, and we will, incredibly, love each other more for it. In this sense, yikyak is the closest an app has come to simulating heaven. 

—

so when yikyak revived itself in 2021, right when the city had also started to come back alive, it felt like I was at school again. Like some pavlovian bell, I believed: if autumn has yikyak, it must also mean that life has this exciting potential. I could become anyone. I am not alone.

Yik yak is seasonal. I download it in the fall and delete it before spring. But last fall, when I went to download it, I discovered YikYak had died a second death, sold off to some other company, school email login required. the cops had arrived. go home.

Then came the dead children, and my parents watching late night tv don’t see any of it, and still don't. So my dad asks, why are you so depressed, and I cant tell him, because he'd get irritated if I said, “all the dead children,” because he hasn't seen them, and without using these words, he tells me, “stop looking at the dead children, it’s out of your hands, and plus, they dont matter,” and I tried to stop looking but I just felt worse. 

some of you reading this are cringing hard right now. oh you’re making this all about yourself. but that’s the whole anonymity thing, you can’t call me a virtue signaler out here. Im questioning what my life has meant, and how to continue. 

A family messaged me to post their gofundme and I hesitated because I thought, people will think I’m cringe if I share this. even writing that out makes me want to kill myself. people my age who actually have done something useful with themselves all dying gruesome deaths, they were on the same screen as my friends. I follow a journalist my same age and then one day his head is gone. He lived and died for something. If heaven exists he is there. What am I doing? posting on web-client yikyak. 

I stopped seeing a therapist in 2022 when the insurance crapped out. that was around the last time I had the app. 

you can’t tell a therapist you think about killing yourself because they report you to the cops! maybe they won’t but they might, right? and doesnt that defeat the purpose? I will never do it, I won’t ever do it! but it's the thought, it keeps happening, and it keeps getting worse, and I can't talk about it, because then who can you tell? 

on yikyak, you couldnt say that either.

https://gofund.me/501554f5

hi im mara
hey everyone so nice to meet you all :)

hi
my name
is mara so nice to meet you all :)

i posted twice bc
i didnt know if if went through im in a basement right now

Dream fast
I asked chatgbt to interpret my dreams like Carl Jung would do

Every moment special
You make every moment special, you make 
Only one wish baby it has to be perfect

Signs got me to move on
So I did, now I’m better

Is that why you're silent?
When you speak to me, you speak into a microphone, which a m p lifies over the stadium of passed time. Days in their little assigned seats.

GymTip
Eat a gummy

Go to the gym

Drive quickly before it takes hold

Only 1ne trip to risk a dwi

annoyed at male bisexual
everything abt him is so cuteee to me even the way he doesn’t text me back. i need to be patient  bc he is losing family . if only he knew what a warm family i could be for him

idk if i’m pretty
its like i know im like . attractive. but am i pretty. obviously im not going to ask that out loud. but like how do i fucking know. i mean i think i know. but like maybe ppl just wanna gas up a tranny

stop being endeared by silence. and typos. u are actually in love with the space u have to invent
just writr fiction

Love at first sight.


No it makes sense
First, our perseverance.
Then, our brawn. 
Then, our intellect. 

Surrender 3rd, 2nd, thenn 1st

A whimper indeed

Debate or whatever
I'll take an unqualified woman over an unqualified man any day I'm of the week

You're gonna die one day be genuine
You're going to die one day.

so why waste so much time fronting and acting like a fake cunt.??!!!!

when you can just be the piece of trash you really are!!!!

going to miss u so much
til next time
yours forever probably

What do we think


I wish the World Trade Center was still around...
I really only wish 9/11 never happened so I could still jump off the world trade center.

How could you get mad about something posted on SPITE FUCKING MAGAZINE!
It's literally Spite how could you even about SPITE?!!!

(Ween transdermal celebration voice)
Transgender operation.. theyre doing them on prison immigrants

I miss her!
I miss her when I am taking a shit.
I miss her when I am touching tits.
I miss her when I am taking a Uber
I miss her she’s my little goober 

I miss her when I’m in the shower 
I miss her in the golden hour
I miss her when I’m shooting up a school
I miss her when I’m hanging by the pool

I miss her when I am away at work 
I miss her when I wank or jerk
I miss her during 9/11
I miss her when I’m up in heaven.

If you miss her so much, you say,
Why then did you go away? 
We all love in our own special way
Except for me

Auditory hallucinations are not real, it’s so easy to hear something different
Today on 9/11 I remembered I am incapable of making the decision to go to sleep and instead I enjoy staying up until exhaustion. I do not enjoy going to sleep in my bed and I would rather stay up until the circles comes up again and see Fresh milk coming out from cow

Are u in a rut yet
Is it boring in her bed
Getting high
Watching TV
She's already told that story twice before
You get a whiff of her pits when she stretched
Things are starting to feel monotonous 
She looks better in her pictures
One note 
White stuff on the corner of her lips
Not the fun kind. Crusty
She's picking fights just for the adrenaline 
Time to open the apps and move on

i hate how everyone dresses
its so bad everyone needs to get their act together and dress like adults

in a rut poem
this is like delicious tacos level bad

in a rut poem
this is like delicious tacos level bad

Mk.gee
Mk.gee is coworker music

good on here again  :)
there was a time when men were blind

hugging my americans
all my americans out there if you were born in America or here for 9/11 you know we all cursed and i know we all had a hard day i love you i remembered this year by accident but next year imma forget okay. lets let it go history is ready

i watched you
good poem. -spite art critic

And you want me to take this shit seriously?


everyone knows
deleuze or derrida or whichever post modernist hater of humanity wrote this is an absolute hack who just wanted to destroy civilization. Fortunately this stuff only affects art school types who don't read anything good

everyone thinks they're cool for hating dolphins
In the past 5 years I've met at least 7 idiots who think they're clever for pointing out the fact that dolphins are capable of sexually assaulting and killing humans (the inventors of sexual assault and murder) and it was never not a completely worthless take on a majestic being. The most savory bit of irony is the fact that at least one of them owns a pitbull.

I thought I posted something have been looking for it everywhere on the page and paranoid
Damn bruh I'm confused...
Not sexually!
I swear I made a post, but it's gone... 
Did I make the first post removed off of Spite? 
I am actually realizing now as I type this. jawn.. 
I never posted it and have been in a paranoid delusion ..
Or K Hole Or this meff really goooooood! :)
I truly believed I had lost my post to management this entire time
-AngryTechNigga

I Am Alive Because of Spite
I live to post 
I love to post 
Long live Spite

When is the issue if the week finally gonna change
Spite needs to expand the editorial board, they're falling way behind. It's becoming a joke.

FUCK JEWS
kike kike kikey kike

How about today?
Spite enjoyers will be first to know when I'm over it

the scatman
i’m back - the scatman 💩

jews
jews, trannys, muslims, what’s the difference they’re all inferior and retarded anyways 😂 - the scatman

Let the bodies hit the floor let the bodies keep the score
I can’t believe we’re getting Strawberry before Sora

Let the bodies hit the floor let the bodies keep the score
I can’t believe we’re getting Strawberry before Sora

Nobody knows how to be racist artfully anymore.
Also it's funny how white people are going to die out

When I get high
I feel like I sit squarely on the razor's edge of love and fear

I’m a witch and I’m evil
I’m a witch and I’m evil. I can’t stop casting spells (all types of spells). I’m not googling “spells” like retard, I just accidentally cast them. I broke my mother’s rib in the womb and made 60 grand off a sigil. But I also love God and have no patience for demons and it’s getting old. Does anyone have this issue? I’m 100% serious.

Must say
No better feeling than when she has big titties And a big penis

I have a spreadsheet
Where I track the theme of Spite posts in an effort to understand the major themes of human nature. Things are bleak.

I haven't stopped drinking...
...in like 40 days. I feel like I'm young enough that it's not that concerning - I Just have a very active social life.

But I should really take a break soon

I want the soda that makes U neotenous
faygo glows and should make me new. put some kind of peptides in there. extracts from threatened animals. heroin. volufilline. make me look 9.

Im trad but deep down im polyamorous
I want 4 husbands because I have so much love in me that it makes me throw up

I love him like I love God
I don’t even know him like that so it’s like loving God. But he doesn’t know me at all (potentially also like God)

Te Amo
Happy Friday peeps! Going to treat myself to a te amo elote. How do you guys celebrate your own Fridays? Ciao

I hate soft girl indie music
A single Rae sremmurd song is better than everything clairo or phoebe bridgers have collectively put out

U eat shit u work then u die
Obviously this is a statement as obvious as anything but is this really it. Am I am ungrateful little ass who can’t seem to see the beauty of it all?

Sheena doesn’t deserve Tom


I want go to sov tonight
but idk if im gonna make it on the list. im not exactly the poster child for “sex”

Interior Collectors
Appointment only, number-padlocked door. So I dressed up for the part, and they let me in. Said I had just moved and was looking for a "piece." They tried to sell me a trashcan with a light bulb on a stick for $5,500. "Who's it by?" I ask. Anonymous, 1980's. Their audacity is greater than the number of possible card deck permutations.

If you like Sam Hyde you're a bigot fr. Unrelated : Chicago
Just sayin' I know alot of people who go on here so I'm posting this on here for them to see anonymously, I be seeing people liking Sam's little instagram posts and sharing Sex Mag and not saying anything, I'm not here to cancel anyone but I be noticing who likes what and alot of you people who like his stuff on the side like to talk a big leftist game just saying it's pretty corny 

Unrelated: Chicago

All these silly little bitches with spoonfed aesthetics
I dont care if youve been perpetuating your prescious overdone stolen internet branding since  2014 youre still tacky as fuck bitch. You stole that from a suicidal twink in middle america who is probably dead now and went through more hardship in he/their life than youll ever experience or worse, you stole it from a girl in manhattan or santa monica who has the type of generational wealth you will never begin to cultivate for your children because you cant create anything. Any aesthetic inspired by or borrowed from postwar period (1945 on) is so pathetic youre a fucking sheep. Dig deeper

hate pitbulls so much
wish I could press a button that killed every pitbull, french bulldog, pug, etc and only fans girl in the world

I've never taken a dick pic
How old is too old to take your first dick pic?

I'm not a leftist or a rightist I'm a swaggist
I talk big game for a swaggist 
I slur in public 
These PC thots 
Get the Maddest 
I got the Midas  
Shawty pure 
Her skin the lightest 
I walk in 
Pockets elephantiasis
-AngryTechNigga

i want the creator of spite
writing in celebration of the nature of this website because despite him following me (i know finding out who i am is a grotesquely simple task) he is a muse and platform creator i genuinely admire. if yr single hit my gmail <3 or my ig… id get drinks with you and pay with money cashapped from spite posters/readers ;p

You get those four husbands Girl
I believe in you

You get those four husbands Girl
I believe in you

BTLS p. 144
1= yellow -> set up on comp. table
2= Stocking (mini on tree)
3= fuck🚫 toaster
4= moms flat vases (bookshelf)
5= Fridge Does the light go off?
6= uno
7= mailbox

too many friends (i am the person with the guests)
idk if u remember me from my post about the guests but look how they talk to me. the INSOLENCE. i'm not even HAVING people over and yet they assume

spite as a means of confrontation


on the bigot poster
Oh he is a bigot he liked this post, oh they are a bigot they like this media, oh she is a bigot she blahhh blahhh blahhh. has anyone learned anything from Bienstock or liberal arts college debt? Alex Beinstock is anti-bullying now (a great chapter), but he had to walk in the fire of bigotry first (great chapter). I AM GOING TO MAKE QUEER QUEER AGAIN

My friend just texted me
"Bro I had to take an Uber from a baby shower and was having decent convo with a Cuban driver who spoke okay English and he asks me if I mind if he does coke. I told him no it’s cool.
He starts doing coke while driving and drinking beer from a Stanley cup. I love miami "

No art from this little world has ever made me feel anything
Read Bienstock, didn't feel anything; read Vack, didn't feel anything, read Delicious Taco, didn't feel anything, read Crumpstack, didn't feel anything, read Let Me Try Again by that guy, didn't feel anything, read Honor Levy, felt a little bit of something, not much, maybe a little bit, read Last Male Poet, didn't feel anything, listened to Sov House poems didn't feel anything listened to red scare didn't feel anything, listened to neoliberalhell podcast aka the self proclaimed "voice of NYC", didn't feel anything, read Ethics, didn't feel anything, same with Perfectly Imperfect, same with Stimulant and the other derivative post-alt-lit autofiction navelgazing Zines, none of them made me feel anything. None of it takes risks or is honest about feelings it's like people imitating what having feelings is like. But maybe I'm just having another low affect period, I've been off my meds

Maybe you can't feel anything because you're depressed
But also I haven't read any of that lame shit lmao so idk

to the guy who doesn't feel anything reading nu-lit:
ever try the bible?

A fool
won’t be attending the opening for the sexually harassing painter who taught a generation of artists that not trying was smart and cool ,and relied first on the German government and now on a top American Zionist to find his decadent lifestyle

The paper and a black coffee
I get a black coffee 
Piece of dark chocolate 
And i catch up on the spite thread
Pretending every post was typed carefully 
Letter by letter
By my former lover
Or one of his new casualties 
I wring and twist my brain to figure out the perspective

i watched you spite art critic
thank you for liking what i wrote it means a whole lot thank you

Bad News The Director Of This Movie Is. A Jewish Woman
I shouldn't have read the wiki

Slow spite was better


I’m having an absolute cunt of a day
I’m really witht this shit tho

I’m having a cunt of a day
I’m still really with this shit tho

Im teaching a class
called How To Be Normal: Being “On One” In A Digital Way

hi


poppers
they work for normal people too!

feels like spite against the world


SPITE VERSUS THE WORLD
Spite versus Other Magazines
Spite versus The "Not A Magazine" Allegations
Spite versus Legacy Alternative Media

Spite versus My Hosting Provider
Spite versus People Who Post Already
Spite versus People Who Post On Spite
Spite versus the Creator of Spite

Spite versus Instagram Censorship
Spite versus Hand-Wringing
Spite versus Fear 

Spite versus Going Out
Spite versus Free Speech Guys
Spite versus 4Chan
Spite versus Your VPN
Spite versus Diva
Spite versus Scatman

Spite versus Kindness
Spite versus Time Running Out
Spite versus Human Nature
Spite versus Spite, in spite of itself

Saturnday Drinking and drugs
Makes every Sunday religious indeed
Fighting for my soul
This is hell and I am in it

Saturnday Drinking and drugs
Makes every Sunday religious indeed
Fighting for my soul
This is hell and I am in it

Saturnday Drinking and drugs
Makes every Sunday religious indeed
Fighting for my soul
This is hell and I am in it

I didn’t feel anything reading
really horrible lit. like don’t make your personality a card board cut out

Humanity has not evolved in how many years
I think I’m so fucking smart because I have a psychology degree. I think I’m so fucking advanced. I think I know better than my parents and everyone. The way I act is so primitive. I get drunk off the same shit liquor my ancestors did and come home and clear a space to sleep on. I clear the clutter. I masturbate until I fall asleep like a fucking baboon.

HELOO??
SLOW

hi


write for spite


write for spite


ok you're pretty good at writing posts


So, hypothetically
Who would be interested in standing in front of a group of people at a bar or cultural venue in New York City and reading Spite posts that you may or may not have written?

Out loud, that is...

Please inquire below.

I haven’t seen anything hot on the internet
I haven’t had that feeling in years, too much estrogen. Where you see something on the internet and it’s so hot that you have to stick your hand down your pants. I mean, I masturbate all the time. But I haven’t felt that full body possession since I was a little kid.

sleepy
shout out to top of the blanket goes under your shoulder bottom of the blanket goes under your toes. cocooned up like a motherfucker

People who prefer pets to humans
You would have loved slaves

Love is slow-burn and also an immediate problem
How do you prepare for the ramifications of something so instantly meaningful that you might be unable to see it? It’s painful to stare into the sun. So much so that you blink and look away and 20 years later think: this could have given me life. Get a sunburn.

You know you failed when that guy you hate likes your shit
Or when goofy likes your insta story. But it’s too late to delete it or to take it off the wall of the gallery where he is accosting you with his characteristic sliminess. I feel bad for the guy but I wish he hated me.

Spite reading is right by the train station
So it's really convenient

Anons tried to hate on Spite
Oomfs were sleeping on Spite. Even my irls threatened to spite ME after I created Spite. 

But NONE can dampen the CALL of the PEOPLE when they are joined together and amplified by the editorial embrace of a Literary Magazine. 

The 𝕖𝕕𝕚𝕥𝕠𝕣𝕚𝕒𝕝 𝕝𝕖𝕟𝕤 gathers us into a beam of startling ferocity, and honesty, like light shooting from a glass and illuminating everything in sight...

𝔖𝔦𝔫𝔠𝔢𝔯𝔢𝔩𝔶,
-͓̽-͓̽~͓̽~͓̽𝕿𝖍𝖊 𝕰𝖉𝖎𝖙𝖔𝖗-͓̽-͓̽~͓̽~͓̽

The true highest form of art


Thin air
So many good artists work 9-5 it's crazy, chat find solutions for a revolution

Thin air
So many artists work a 9 to 5 make it stop spite

I didnt see u watching me
Cuz u were way too pussy to talk to me 
And u would have had to beat it out of me
Before I ever said I was watching u

I want to know when ur around 
Even if I feel like a fool
Looking in the mirror in ur room

Everyone hates me and I’m a loser
Im killing myself

Clues
It is all too possible that this meant nothing to you. Does the regeneration of our cells side by side under one duvet mean nothing to you? Muscles regrew. Tissue repaired. Mutual restoration, non exclusive. The romantics of it all. I must diminish myself. I want to be small, and then I want to be nothing. 
Listen, when this happens (I'm working on making this happen) I need you to look for me. I have been leaving you clues all along. 
˙◠˙

You think I don’t know
or that I don’t see. But I always know and I always see. So why try to hide it? Surely not the spare my feelings. You do not care for me anymore. I look for you in everything still. but I am working on that.

I’m working on having new friends
I don’t think any of them will be you, but it’s nice to say outloud to my phone. I’m working on having new friends.

I can't commit
to full screen, especially when watching YouTube. I need to know what's coming next so there's no fomo and perfect my algorithm, I won't t watch it. The cringe-worthy need to read the top comments 6 seconds in for validation of half-formed thoughts.  I need to see at least a slither of my desktop behind the window with 8 tabs in attempts of poetry, essays and I think a fucking screenplay, definitions, open atm, which I'll inevitably exit all when another 10 tabs appear?

i don’t know if i fell off or was never on
or which i prefer

wuzzup Spaggots


wassup Spaggots


oldfag maidenhood
manifesting steve roggenbuck on hare krishna tiktok / in the pussy like a beach sloth / manifesting the return of kimya dawson bitches / 1 year til she WOKE FAMOUS / my sexologist friend cancelled carti in parc jarry yesterday / bullet holes like polkadots the dress gang desu / got my first kiss in the projects / lauryn hill said everything is everything / got my second kiss in the projects / US OUT OF IRAQ 2002 / got my third kiss in the projects / woke maiden based mother woke crone / xoxo depuis ma chariot <3

Cows thinking that they are better than chickens


New york is the best city for being a writer
But many of the most important people in writing rn are actually from LA

The most important thing in writing is dialog and people talk more in a traditionally urban environment

However like anon said on here a while ago the peculiar silence of the desert environment is goated when being a poet is the vibe

New york is the best city for being a writer
But many of the most important people in writing rn are actually from LA
The most important thing in writing is dialog and people talk more in a traditionally urban environment
However like anon said on here a while ago the peculiar silence of the desert environment is goated when being a poet is the vibe

Penis problem
probletry da snapper!

no problems
I love when my keys are warm from my pocket

I think about him Way Too Much
He told me about the time he went into the sauna with his necklace on—

“One time I wore my necklace into a sauna and I felt I was almost gonna die when it seared my neck and I couldn’t get it off. I can still feel it when I think about it.”

I thought about metal searing skin, about the scent of burning flesh. I thought about coagulation—about the metal melting deeper and deeper—and I wondered when it would stop, if a necklace could, maybe, if hot enough, could make an imprint on the heart, no, not in the metaphorical way, but I sure don’t care to find out what a burning heart smells like, actually that might be the very first thing I have ever expressed that I have ever expressed that I do not care to find out, so in that case maybe I should care to find out but in that case where does it stop but in that case the thought is absolutely terrifying so I once again do not care to find out. 

Then I thought about the previous night when I had both of my hands wrapped around his neck and how that’s a kind of necklace if you squint hard enough, and I asked what if our skin melted together and what if I left an imprint on his heart and although the skin on my hands is likely to burn off by then, maybe the bones can accomplish the task, but only if I am burning from the inside out, you see, that’s the only way my bones could stay hot enough to make in there. 

The truth is that I am not quite sure. All I know of my hands around his neck is that I can still feel it when I think about it.

FML
I’m addicted to pheromones. I’m addicted to romance, people have accused me of having an armpit fetish (false, related ((see first sentence)) and being a furry (false, unrelated). I can’t stop listening to emo and feeling angsty. I live in what I have always felt to be the greatest city in the world, I’m killing it, and I’m MISERABLE. I’m also not miserable at all, I just feel left out because I have nothing to ignite my spite— this has caused my own personal spite magazine writer’s block. I’m not spiteful at all and I’m stealing valor. I want to put us in a petri dish and culture together. I will kiss you between your shoulder blades. You might always make me feel bad but I will always forgive you. I think I am being too normal about things. 

Come to my reading

If I didn't have friends, I'd be too okay with it.
So I try not to isolate anymore.
I’m just so chill to hang out with.
And I always wanna do what I want to do.

Review


Review of Spite
this site is too horny as well as the admins choices of posts to go on the IG page. i'm in a relationship and mentally transcendent so this doesn't appeal to me. 

stop this depravity

Sitting in traffic in downtown brooklyn


Instagram Observations
Cassidy wants to fuck Billy so bad. Girl, chill.

I decided to do a lot of cool things out of spite
when my asshole ex dumped me and got back with his ex and now all my dreams are coming true and everything is awesome but I'm still crying over a midwestern zoomer.

Outsider forever
I’ve accepted the fact that I will never be a scene person
I do not fit in and sometimes it bothers me
But that’s ok
I am meant to stay where I’m from
I am at peace there
There is nothing out there for me
This fact allows me to create a world for myself

sending emails
sometimes it's impossible to write anything without sounding like a manic pixie dream girl or like a real bitch

bicoastal ghost
no such thing as hello or goodbye, I don’t know what’s worse ? 

Leaving a city and saying nothing under the guise of a sabbatical and then forging an unrooted existence… or slowing feeling yourself fade away, over the course of two weeks, as you pack your underwear for a Spirit flight back home

I have a perfume I only wear when I go to new york
It's Violet Ends by Boy Smells 

In San Fran, I wear Daisy by Marc Jacobs

When I go to Cincinnati, i wear dog shit

I'm eetsrded
I'm retarded
It's okay tho 
Things stagnate and I don't really like the city that much. I miss having a group of friends that wasn't scene esque or clout heavy. I miss chillin with the homies

Having a crush
and it was two weekends ago I was at his house to the ams and I was like “Imma just crash on your couch” and he was like ok tryna figure out his vibe with the other two remaining girls. He went into his bed, the other two fiends left and I was like tf am I doing… So I knocked on his door, no reply. I opened the door, “Theoooo” No reply. It was pitch black so I was feeling his body out on his bed,. like are you even here and how tf are you dead asleep, it's been 10 mins. He didn’t reply or say anything, I couldn’t even hear him breathing. I just crawled in and he immediately grabbed me, kissed me and fucked me. Nothing was said.
When we woke up I did ask him why he didn’t invite me to sleep in his bed and said that I just looked so peaceful on the couch and didn’t wanna disturb me. Haha yeah i was pretending to be asleep. And then he fucked me again
 I FEEL HIGH Then we hung out for the whole day hungover and sleep-deprived. It was everything I wanted.

Not sure if I should send my nudes to the Group Chat
They are all nice because they all want to fuck me. I am engaging with a few via dm but it is so much hotter talking within the group chat stimulating each other and trying to find the balance of submission and dominance. I like to experience a little chauvinism when it suits me.

Stop being cooler than me
Please

sad
What kind of activities do you guys like to participate in? What does a normal day look like for you? Genuinely asking. please reply. I guess I'm just trying to collect data. Hey spite maybe you should let people reply to meee meee meee meeeeee me. no one else. i want to dedicate this spite letter to someone but out of spite I wont because they have broken my heart. spite spite spite

yah


Committing _
Today I want to be some form of pure writer, yesterday I wanted to be Stanley Kurbrik, the day before I wanted to be punk, and last week I wanted to be an intellectual. I dream of being a recovered heroin junkie of five years. I dream of being an ordinary/pure/honest man of virtues, a voice for those who cant speak for themselves. Just last night I dreamed of being a scene queen. I need a thousands of lives to be satisfied. I love talking the talk, but never want to walk the walk for more than two days. I wish I could die and spawn again a million times. I wish to leave some form of trace behind, it makes the old life/death thing more tangible. There are dreams of high priority and dreams, that are just dreams and still I want to follow them all. Im Musils "man without quality" I don’t want to seriously commit to anything and avoid any commitment  in order to keep myself open to new options and constellations. there’s always the chance you just might be missing out. committing suicide is easy, the devil whispers. God has made committing to life unbearable hard.
I have to leave town for some days. There’s dishes and dust all over my apartment. I want it clean, I want control. I want to return on Monday and find my home wrecked, dirty and disgusting. I hate and fear control.

whatever, any recommendations on committing

Committing _
Today I want to be some form of pure writer, yesterday I wanted to be Stanley Kurbrik, the day before I wanted to be punk, and last week I wanted to be an intellectual. I dream of being a recovered heroin junkie of five years. I dream of being an ordinary/pure/honest man of virtues, a voice for those who cant speak for themselves. Just last night I dreamed of being a scene queen. I need a thousands of lives to be satisfied. I love talking the talk, but never want to walk the walk for more than two days. I wish I could die and spawn again a million times. I wish to leave some form of trace behind, it makes the old life/death thing more tangible. There are dreams of high priority and dreams, that are just dreams and still I want to follow them all. Im Musils "man without quality" I don’t want to seriously commit to anything and avoid any commitment  in order to keep myself open to new options and constellations. there’s always the chance you just might be missing out. committing suicide is easy, the devil whispers. God has made committing to life unbearable hard.
I have to leave town for some days. There’s dishes and dust all over my apartment. I want it clean, I want control. I want to return on Monday and find my home wrecked, dirty and disgusting. I hate and fear control.

whatever, any recommendations on committing

having a crush
great story

He put a curse on me
And I can prove it

i miss the old spite
i used to get posted on the reg when there was less ppl now it’s all just the whorish type shit getting posted it’s like what’s the point i can “write” my little “prose” in my little google docs at home

everybody is telling me to move to nyc
why do I need to do that…
What is even going on. 

I don’t want to do that but am I staying here out of spite because I hate being told what to do?

I’m a dom, personally. Can you tell?

I have excellent coping skills
I don’t want to give my ex his fan back I need it. I cut micro-bangs I’ve been doing strange drugs with strange men. I wonder if he found out I’m a micro-cheater. I drink 3 passion fruit Yerba mates everyday.

I have excellent coping skills
I don’t want to give my ex his fan back I need it. I cut micro-bangs I’ve been doing strange drugs with strange men. I wonder if he found out I’m a micro-cheater. I drink 3 passion fruit Yerba mates everyday.

I have excellent coping skills
I don’t want to give my ex his fan back I need it. I cut micro-bangs I’ve been doing strange drugs with strange men. I wonder if he found out I’m a micro-cheater. I drink 3 passion fruit Yerba mates everyday.

smelly on purpose to avoid women
I rub my armpits with pickles and Italian meat sauce 
Eat durians raw for breakfast 
Skip showers 
They say “you smell so bad.
Really. You smell terrible.
I am being serious. It’s disgusting.”
Get away from me!
Go hang out w a pretty boy who smells like basil 
If you come looking for me
I will smell like stinky stinky curry 
And tinned fish
And will attack you

The lamp won't turn on and the dark is on fire
The crickets are too loud and the horror movie's still playing. My friends don't know when to stay mute. I'm moving too quickly while I patiently panic. Don't you love me? Don't you love me? Don't you love me?

I was ready to let him go if he asked me to. But he didn't, and now I must endure the strain of loving. One lamp in my room won't turn on and the dark remains on fire. What kind of love requires you to melt into the horse? He doesn't want to mix and I don't want to shatter. 

Don't I matter?

need more men
since i broke up w my bf im boycrazed but my town sucks i gotta meet men online it’s a shithole so scarce options i need hot sexy men obsessed w me, i need my old ass man to want me and treat me, i hu with an older man and it was great he was sexy but i’m scared it’s wearing off, my obsession with each man weans so quickly and im left feeling empty, the men make me high on myself, knowing im hot and cool, then they’re nothing special and i’m left being sexy with no one to appreciate it

Sovereign
Sovereign 

the rock pigeon retinue
skept along the pathway, 
sunlit, blind peckings guiding them.
I fixated achy-eyed and estimating 
the elliptical of their sweep
decided to let whatever happen happen: 
magic unlikely viewed from behind 
a petri of floaters
but
whatever,

doomier summers have rolled in from the bushwick before, 
through this stomping ground cracked and unrepaired 
I have bent low and crawled belly flat on the jetty convex, 
I have come back scorched,
flesh ripped, dry mouthed, up in arms about pain, rambling about equivalence with 
no difference to offer,

I have tried, though desperate, (though invalid and untrue) to avoid influence yet
these recurrent flinty skies 
have stricken close to a hammer’s tempo 
one oft mistaken for a doxology:
  the sound of music; ya; the sound of whirlwinds
 blasting through the
early millennium,
o! these years have passed for
the early birds in rhapsody
each morning 
singing, singing: this great
consummation made in the clearing 
for you and i,

the spirit can not die, 
the spirit can not die,

the weather is so nice today: solid 80, tepid air inerting the leaves
 making brow-sweat have a tough one escaping from the skin
to the plainness of the wind,

i saw the big fucker, the king of all winged kings
toned up on sovereignty, 
          brillig, 
speaking there in the approximate shrub, his troupe willful, young
clung like a magnet:
sparrows avoided his touting gait, he chased a slender female:
though I sat still, the I that is mortal, unspeaking; unwashed and rank and hairless,
the I which smelling of mildew 
eyed a sunbeam move from one cobble to the adjacent bench,
I 
had a few almonds, 
(easy protein,) 
remained mute and in idle fascination, from the endless flowing from all directions,

sunlit, I wondered
 what it’d be like
to have clarity without prerequisite, to see the blue arc of the sky without naming it, 
to dive, dive I thought 
at great speed 
and fly directly through the center calm of day,

my life is so short, 
it unfolds and I be bewildered with stolid tree and dell water and great imperial skylines i can not cross in such an easy manner 
but must walk and drag feet through solid ground 
through seasonal occurrence,
terrain that moves and changes unforgiving, constant,

hmm I thought, 
To have your peckings sanctioned by natural law; by some prototypical and barbaric precognition made whole from a collection of errors; 
oh? that’s not so bad, 
how I’d like to pill the softground too with beak and claw, comb the giant vineland where residence forms from branch, where instinct calls from a pure depth,

animal, 
I 
become 
you
in dreams,

the big bird was trumped by a bigger beauty: 
a white and black bird 
catching my eye between the damp mulch and dog wood, a bloodroot made way for it too, but
a cloud passing said 
       enough of this meandering: 
the king 
amidst a wild rape 
flapped angrily
and summoned himself to a mindless euphoria; 

the sun freed itself, sweeping away invisibility,

the retinue synced and drivenly
 threw themselves into a frenzy

Rapeists
Everyday I get fucked in my ass by unseen forces. they try to make me feel better like I'm a pretty girl getting fucked in my pussy but I'm just a dude in line at 7/11 getting fucked by an invisible dude with a huge cock. I'm not gay but now I'm going to try letting my girlfriend fuck me with an object of her choosing (banana in the butthole)

Rapeists
Everyday I get fucked in my ass by unseen forces. they try to make me feel better like I'm a pretty girl getting fucked in my pussy but I'm just a dude in line at 7/11 getting fucked by an invisible dude with a huge cock. I'm not gay but now I'm going to try letting my girlfriend fuck me with an object of her choosing (banana in the butthole)

Rapeists
Everyday I get fucked in my ass by unseen forces. they try to make me feel better like I'm a pretty girl getting fucked in my pussy but I'm just a dude in line at 7/11 getting fucked by an invisible dude with a huge cock. I'm not gay but now I'm going to try letting my girlfriend fuck me with an object of her choosing (banana in the butthole)

Just found out an abomination of information
Being spiteful is so easy. It’s like breathing to me. It’s like the first breath I took when I came into this world. My therapist taught me about “constructive anger” today. What are you even supposed to do with that

Make it a haiku or schizo if not then I am not reading it
Sorry wordcel dork core fag tards I'm not reading your longwinded post.

tell
since when has romance ever brought good things

need a cure for pain
being wanted really is a drug huh
i want it i want it i was wanted and wanted for my wanting but suddenly the you saying 'i have a crush on you', suddenly a steel bridge labelled 'i need you', you said it once, is gone. i'm curious. to know your pleasure but somehow i switched you off. my wanting turns the light off. my wanting is a nuisance somehow. my wanting is a bore. you're a bore. we didn't get along. talking in fives 'can i cum inside you.' my 'yes yes i want that' made you soft, you pulled out, you rolled over, your eyes drooped, you sigh, somehow, dissappointed, my wanting you, dissappointing, what the fuck. just crawl in my throat already. let me swallow. let me swallow. give me my fix. my drug

whatthe fuck.

Politics on Dating Apps
I put non political as my status on hinge, lady swipes right and the first thing she says 
“I see that it says non political but I’m finding out that means many different things “
I say “ With that type of question I seem that you won’t like my answer to“
Then she proceeded to degrade me, that’s the type of person that puts there politics in bio, liberal art skank

Politics on Dating Apps
I put non political as my status on hinge, lady swipes right and the first thing she says 
“I see that it says non political but I’m finding out that means many different things “
I say “ With that type of question I seem that you won’t like my answer to“
Then she proceeded to degrade me, that’s the type of person that puts there politics in bio, liberal art skank

I'm sad because I'm too strong...or maybe they're too weak
I'm a top tier person in secret.

being a vessel of gods false flesh
sometimes i wish I was a body without a vessel- an individual without an identity and structure. I do not want a face that can be seen, nor do i want an identity that can be described with words or phrases. i wish to be something out of this plane that still resides next to earthly comforts. maybe i should take fent or something and tweak out into a third plane of existence. maybe i should kiss someone.

influencer sauna
Cold plunge felt like coming up on mdma. My vision shifted. all the fake candles wiggled in unison the instructors voice turned into a hum I found myself unable to concentrate staring at a woman with the kind of wisdom promised by solo-travelling in some well-trodden tropical country. The transcendence of a cheap hostel bar. A backpack half her weight etc.

She’s wearing a bikini over rail thin body with broad shoulders. Swimsuit just a little slutty wrapping high up to her navel entire ass bare for viewing. She is bony but not weak. thighs and back suggesting some kind of muscle definition — following of regimented workout lifting weights at local gym. Growing into herself now that she’s at some bland bright office job. Possibly remote at some startup with vaguely positive social goals. 

The pulling away of technical fabric to reveal well maintained pubic hair or possibly none. Little quarter moons for breasts with button nipples all pink and ready to be touched. Milk white skin laying on earth tone bed sheets in well-decorated apartment, getting finger fucked beside half-eaten uber eats containers my stomach churning from burning hot food from some foreign country. Music playing silently on her smart tv. My feet scraping nice looking rug made of washable plastic.

I want to kxll
I want to murder Billy Pedlow. Billy Pedlow is evil and should d*e. I was thinking about sending him a death threat on Instagram but I was worried that if I did, and then followed through, that would not be smart, as it would lead the police directly to the perpetrator (me). Therefore I am writing this now on an anonymous website at the Library so that I will not be found via IP address. Billy Pedlow. I want to kill you. For your own good, change.

I want to off the guy who wants to off Billy Pedlow
I love Billy Pedlow and will defend him with every fibre of my existence. I wish you weren't anonymous so I could commit multiple forms of online crimes. I want to have you gangstalked and hide about in moss suits so you never feel safe around your hood. I will protect you billy, the fatbag on spite will NOT get you.

I am not gay enough and I'm sorry
There was than man staring at me the whole concert whose managed his way to engage the conversation, from complimenting my attire to sharing a time discussing some common appreciation for trip hop music, the sense came obviously to assume the time being as intellectual in a gay way...
Far from me to reject the idea of an insanely deep same sex intercourse between quite more than average good looking people juggling sensuality and power yet...

                        I didn't shared my coordinates.
Maybe some sayings aren't that wrong stating I'm inaccessible....easy to approach, easy to speak with yet inaccessible.

The tangible disappointment on his gestures and face's expressions at the time eachother parted ways being the sad purpose of these words, this nonfiction happened last night.
 
I know how to find him by the way, maybe we will be friends or not, hopes low for a fellow as the one I am today melts more to the mesmerising beauty of ondulating women's shapes and maybe the singular bliss in mind  a girlcock could inspire.



                                                      I miss being pegged.

I will never leave you, I love you
Im doing the Antony Bourdain hangover routine. I even fucking saved it on my IG so I could use it for the great occasion of my next hangover. My next hangover is today. My next hangover is this morning. I puked and spit this morning. I put my finger in my mouth. I tickled my palate. Then I waited for a minute. then it came. Aspirin, Coca Cola, real Spicy Food and a Joint. That’s the routine. I had plans for today. You see since about two ago after thinking long and hard about it I decided on trying to actually build myself a life. But im a vagabond since Thursday again.  i have always been destined to be a vagabond.  I will fall behind, I won’t move today, I will be happy. If you stop moving you don’t exist, if you fall behind your dead. 
That’s a song. First date by blink-182 is another song. I never listen to blink-128. But im High on the Balcony, and im thinking about you, the night we first went out, we made it last forever, we made it last forever, forever, 4v3r, 4v3r, 4v3r.

I will never leave you I love you
Im doing the Antony Bourdain hangover routine. I even fucking saved it on my IG so I could use it for the great occasion of my next hangover. My next hangover is today. My next hangover is this morning. I puked and spit this morning. I put my finger in my mouth. I tickled my palate. Then I waited until it came. Aspirin, Coca Cola, real Spicy Food and a Joint. That’s the routine. I had plans for today. You see since about two days ago after thinking long and hard about it I decided on trying to actually build myself a life. But im a vagabond since Thursday. and have always been destined to be vagabond.  I will fall behind, I won’t move today, I will be happy. If you stop moving you don’t exist, if you fall behind your dead. 
That’s a song. First date by blink-182 is another song. I never listen to blink-128. But im High on the Balcony, and im thinking about you, the night we first went out, we made it last forever, we made it last forever, forever, 4v3r, 4v3r, 4v3r.

I won't let Pedlow get offed
Hey the guy  who wants to off the guy who wants to off Pedlow, I prefer when everybody's turned on.

A baby named "Space Between"
We are family, me and you and our child, the Space Between. We cannot exist for long without eachother, but once, maybe twice a year....we can put the baby to bed

A baby named "Space Between"
We are family, me and you and our child, the Space Between. We cannot exist for long without eachother, but once, maybe twice a year....we can put the baby to bed 

Sorry about your hangover

Nightmare
nightmare nightmare nightmare 019183849392093943892€~*}*+}]++]+{+}*}#*nightmare nightmare nightmare nightmare 019183849392093943892€~*}*+}]++]+{+}*}#*nightmare nightmare nightmare nightmare 019183849392093943892€~*}*+}]++]+{+}*}#*nightmare nightmare nightmare nightmare 019183849392093943892€~*}*+}]++]+{+}*}#*nightmare nightmare nightmare nightmare 019183849392093943892€~*}*+}]++]+{+}*}#*nightmare nightmare nightmare nightmare nightmare nightmare 019183849392093943892€~*}*+}]++]+{+}*}#*nightmare they are coming  nightmare nightmare nightmare nightmare nightmare nightmare nightmare nightmare nightmare nightmare 019183849392093943892€~*}*+}]++]+{+}*}#*nightmare 019183849392093943892€~*}*+}]++]+{+}*}#*nightmare 019183849392093943892€~*}*+}]++]+{+}*}#*nightmare €~*}*+}]++]+{+}*}#*nightmare

Making ethereal concepts into physical realities
Eating sashimi off her genital warts

I met her in a mall where you always forget  to get one thing and have to get it at the next place
I met her in a mall where you always forget to get one thing and have to get it at the next place 
But its slight lower quality
There was a tiny Ferris wheel in the food court where we met at the mall’s McDonalds, but when we finished we realized we both forgot to get fries. So we walked over to the Burger King for fries and they were …okay. And then we realized we had forgotten to ride the Ferris wheel, and looked around and there was a carousel. 

Shouting at her over the bobbing chasm of brightly painted horses, the music, the seven year old boys, I told her I was pessimistic. I don’t think people are really inspired by culture anymore. The movies and the art and the writing are all shit. Compared to what came before. Peoples brains are broke. I start listing all the reasons. We’re squashed by the doneness of everything. We’re well done. Like a bad steak. Too done, doneso. Nearly finished. Real Life is rare. She said, I wish we had rode the Ferris wheel. Looking into her eyes, I am distracted by a bright star at the center of the carousel, everything circling around her as she sends light in 400 directions, off 400 faces of mirrored glass. 

At a jewelry store nearby, I buy her a neckclace that is much less beautiful. She deserves more. I should have just stolen the star over the carousel for her.

But I also should have bought her that bracelet she liked, the one we bought later at Claire’s gave her a rash. And at Claire’s we should have brought that t shirt that made her laugh.Not the one we bought at hot topic, which makes her cry. 
And at hot topic, i should have bought her those crazy pants, that made her ass look so fat, 
Instead of those old navy jeans that made her look mid.

And at the Aunt Annie’s, while we were forgetting to get cinnamon pretzels, I forgot her at the table, when I went to carvel/Dunkin’ Donuts, and I met a brunette with huge eyes, and I took her to the Starbucks, because I had forgotten to get donuts. But it wasn’t the same. And even though i dated that next girl for a year or two, me and her always met in that mall, where you always forget to get one thing and have to get it at the next place, but it’s slightly lower quality, and even after I broke up with her I would go there after work, looking for that one thing I forgot to get. And eventually at another store I forgot her. And looked for another one elsewhere. Then I forgot my family, I forgot my nation, and I had to get it at the next store. I forgot my name at Spencer’s.  I was a homeless mall vagabond, owning nothing without forgetting something else, always missing a piece with each new purchase. And you might think that sounds sad but I am happy happy happy I just don’t remember why

4 hour whore
Didn’t fuck her the whole time though. We drank and smoked. Hung out by the pool. It was hot and there was mosquitos everywhere. Fucked her four times though. Only came twice, she was on some shit like, “am I too loose? Is something wrong.” When I didn’t nut. And I was like, huh whores care about that too?

I've never taken a dick pic
Any advice for a first timer? What angle do women like? Good light position recommendations are welcome too. Thanks

PUFF
DIDDY AINT KILL HIMSELF

Are you in a rut yet?
She like if a crushed up percocet on a bar toilet on a Tuesday was a person. 

Cmon roll the dice. Get on the apps again, you can do better than that.

Israel Nuked Lebanon and No One Is Talking About It!
... what even happened at Temple this Sabbath?

I don’t think it was a nuke
They’ve been making up these stupid reverse polar axis attacks all year. Hezbollah blew up a destroyer… we know how that turned out. Is your phone ringing?

I just got a new coffee table
You know what would ruin it? A Spite coffee table book. Thank God it doesn't exist 🙏📿

I'd beat any of you losers in a freak off anyday
Challenge me to a freak off I dare you mfer

Speaking truth 2 powa
After long n serious deliberation. It’s come to our attention that Vack is one to crap and Pedlow shits. But who brave enough 2 lay hot deuce?

Are u in a rut yet?
Youth is fleeting. Get on them apps.
Shoot for the moon
Nexxxxxt

Does anyoDoes anyone get a little counter culture thrill when Spite crashes?
It's as the web should be. Weak. Fallible. Repaired On OUR (editor's) timetable. No sprints. No kanban. Non

When it's convenient. 

Not an all seeing eye.

[3rd attempt and I'm honestlyx ear to ear]

Meow
Bells life feeling like filler between flash backs  
Like the TV Original arc 
make the cat stand up little love 
Send in the extras!
Hip hip
Hip hip
For my lover for my marshmallow ropes for that sludge in me and u
Run shawty run
Dwarf hamsters with missing limbs !
Rats rats boobie cheese 
Slay the house down boots 
*boom VINE BOOM baked feta pasta 
Very mindful demure subtle sensitive aura

Bro no diddy
Bro no diddy

Bro no diddy
Bro no diddy

Are u in a rut yet?
Fluids are dry
Dms are dry
Excitement is dry
Yawwwwn
New wet is waiting beyond a few finger taps
Log in with Google

Goated when bitterness is the vibe
Noise. Biden in town. Netanyahu. Trump. Everyone is friends. You think this means anything? Dimes Square Chimpanzees. Every show is like mashed potatoes. Sometimes you add carrots, sometimes you add peas. This shit is making me dumber bro. Everyone is always embarrassing themselves. Whether I’m in the city or the jungle they are screaming at me to get out. I listen and I pick up the patterns, I don’t have any choice. They are like, “listen to me, I am slowing down or speeding up!” I would rather listen to my own head bashing against a rock than some of you. The worst are the people who are trying to make it academic and think they are above it all. You’re definitely not any better than your idiot friends.

soon
a day will go by with no spite posts. this site will be an archive of the death of summer

I’m really with this shit
ft. My piss puddle

Empires must fal
Are we about to witness the death of mainstream hip hop? Underground will rise. Good underground. 

We're about to hear a lot of big names. This particular bubble will burst. We may just be about to hit the next great music era

heartbreak, ontological
you don't get it


i fell in love with you, dummy

Are u in a rut yet?
I haven't seen your shoulder or forearm in days.

I eat pop tarts and drink collagen water to stay youthful
Exploiting the fear of mortality & sexualization of youth for more then Monetary gain. to quote Reece Witherspoon on the Eric Andre show ,, yk my pussy dangerous. I condemn men to hell stG

Will I ever love again?
I must surrender to this overwhelming neuroticism that I feel towards all mankind as of recent. In desperate need of salvation of the eternal soul

I feel myself giving up again
Sometimes I get sparks of motivation from external sources, usually other people whom I want to impress, but as soon as that drive wears off I’m back to being an undisciplined loser. I’d like to love myself enough to want to be better for myself and myself only.

Nice posy
You really are aren't you?

✝️✝️

light wednesday morning


Damn
Damn

Well
My cunt was a microphone he laughed into when I told a joke

Spite meetup here
I will be wearing clothes and waiting

Spite meet up here
I will wearing a clothing

Is spite down rn
Help me

still not over it
to this day i still think back with bitterness of that time when i took my friend’s elfbar into the bathroom and when i came back they were like did u take a shit and i was like no but they didn't believe me and when i explained that it wouldn’t even have been that weird if i did bc nicotine is awesome for a shit they were like ew gross who does that and i was like everyone who has ever learned the powers of nicotine obvously, but they still didn’t believe me when i insisted that i hadn’t taken a shit and of course because i had said the thing about how nicotine helps u shit they probably thought i had actually shat in there which i didnt and yes i may have sat down to take a shit but i actually didnt take a shit bc nothing came out and so i just sat there and peed and came back and returned the vape but of course they probably found that digusting too and just wanted to laugh bc they were on shrooms and so was i but whatever they didnt believe me and i’m still not over it and now they’re not in my life anymore and it’s not bc they’re dead or anything we just slowly drifted apart and thats ok and its not like i miss them or anything but still its fucked up that they didnt believe me, like, i was literally telling the truth

You don’t know how good having a home gym feels


I'm being emotionally, physically, mentally raped
Being around her...
It's like snorting a line of cocaine and oxycontin
Chopped together like body limbs 
Every moment paralyzed by her gaze 
Seeps forever into the back of my mind 
A constant pushing and pulling away 
At my heart strings 
When I die maybe 
I'll awake from this dream

Awake FromWhat Dream?
You should have wrote nightmare dingus

Don’t complain about a trans genocide when you’re all sterilizing yourselves


If you’re gonna post about your trans morning
You should know we all think you’re retarded, we’re just being polite

Hp lovecraft
Can we all agree that posthumously diagnosing lovecraft with autism or any other 2020 tiktok “disorder” is clearly just mystification

I’m starting vyvanse because adderall made me psycho
I thought that i was melting into hebephrenic black liquid

She's not just ugly
She's hideous. You're cruel for tricking her like that. She has hopes and dreams, you know

Whites
Men at the bar love when I show the whites of my eyes. I roll them randomly and watch their spine tingle 

More hidden than titties 
Or ass

Only seen at a particular angle

Whites
Men at the bar love when I show the whites of my eyes. I roll them randomly and watch their spine tingle 

More hidden than titties 
Or ass

Only seen at a particular angle

idek sorry
every day I wake up and a tiny broquette blonde with a strong UK accent forces me to do cuck fantasy puppy play over whatsapp (non-consensual).  i edit her godposts and she brags about being in kaliacc "when it was still cool" (she's lying), i gaze out my window and dream of a better life. this is what niche culture has wrought. there is still time to turn back.

hmmmmmmm
no!

I know it was you
it’s just you really tried shittalking on here “she’s hideous” and then proceeded to write like you actually cared about her smh is all i can say

sorry lol


Anyone wanna "intermittent fast" with me today?
Anyone? 8am -8pm Eastern.
 I'll let you know when your eating window begins.

Anyone wanna "read ****** for the prose and shake your head 
in disgust?" 

Any1 wanna hang out on a bed with a soft white duvet and mine YouTube for nuggets of nostalgic dopamine 
and "reframe" our thoughts. 
Anyone wanna "rest your eyes?" 
With me?

My biggest fish
If you suffer from lack of self love, I highly recommend keeping a private Instagram story of all your absolute 10/10 dating matches. No "they're cute" I'm talking absolute fire hazard.

Catch and release fish. You can't control the outcome but damn it feels so good to for a moment.

Us


damn that cletus crow poem was fire
spectra finally posting some decent shit again

i'm like spite's server how i love going down on you


On cuffing season rebounds
She's expecting you to show up for brunch
She's expecting you to help plan a couples costume 
She's expecting a dinner date
She's expecting an invite to friendsgiving
She's expecting to make mashed potatoes
She's expecting 
Now... She's not expecting but needs you to venmo her back
She's expecting a Mistletoe selfie
She's expecting a tag
She's expecting a Christmas gift
She's expecting a text back
She's expecting a new year's kiss

I just want to be behind you at a bodega

i already thought
i already thought she said i already of thought of everything hegel said its all already written on the inside of a girls heart she said it happens every week she's failing art school shes got an assignment shes gottta finish, it's really hard! she said they dont understand im autistic

whyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
no!

never been in a committed relationship
maybe its lack of effort on my part combined with bad luck but ive been single for almost 15 years. never been in a relationship. i just hook up sometimes. idk how to explain that sometimes my engaged friends say something that is so normal to them but conpletely unimaginable to me. like oh ok you're buying groceries and you're annoyed because you wanted a different brand of oatmeal? i literally cannot imagine what that is like

pretty hurts (the world around you;)
Where women are supposed to look like beautiful little boys and the echoing of the phrase time destroys everything rings like a mallet shattering the sides of my head. 
pics of and pricks on the face 
when youth can’t fade 
life feels fake 
the worlds a stage & im getting played least 
I’m getting paid 
pretty satiated, learn to love the pain 
cum while you call me names,
 both knowing it’s you I’m degrading .  like Tomie I’m a degenerate stuck in a regenerative stasis, homeopathic psychopathic methods. 
ground up Bone of cow, menstrual blood, human foreskin, bacterium Clostridium botulinum, semen, acid from an insect 
make no mistake
Maintaining Beauty is horror 
But I bet it’s worse being ugly

part1
where women are supposed to look like beautiful little boys and the echoing of the phrase time destroys everything rings through my ears. 
it feels like a mallet shattering both sides of my head

part2/ i wouldn’t know tho
pics of and pricks on the face. 
when youth can’t fade life feels fake . the worlds a stage & im getting played least I’m getting paid. idk ab u but im pretty satiated. you better learn to love the pain 
cum while you call me names, 
We both know it’s you Im degrading Just like Tomie I’m a degenerate stuck in a regenerative stasis, homeopathic psychopathic methods 
ground up Bone of cow, menstrual blood, foreskin, bacterium Clostridium botulinum, semen, acid from an insect 
make no mistake
Maintaining Beauty is horror 
 I bet it’s worse being ugly

part2
pics of and pricks on the face. 
when youth can’t fade life feels fake . the worlds a stage & im getting played least I’m getting paid. idk ab u but im pretty satiated. you better learn to love the pain 
cum while you call me names, 
both knowing it’s you Im degrading 
Just like Tomie, a degenerate stuck in a regenerative stasis with homeopathic psychopathic methods.
ground up Bone of cow, menstrual blood, human foreskin, bacterium Clostridium botulinum, semen, acid from an insect 
make no mistake
Maintaining Beauty is horror 
But I bet it’s worse being ugly

Hey
Light of the World

Marry me for 5 years
Not a bad way to spend 5 years
Sucked dry and loved absolutely to death

Some people spend 2-4x as long in the military. 

I hope Spite is still crashing so this won't post

Hey
Light of the World

Marry me for 5 years
Not a bad way to spend 5 years
Sucked dry and loved absolutely to death

Some people spend 2-4x as long in the military. 

I hope Spite is still crashing so this won't post

I just want to metaphorically fill her capsule till a baby pops out
I don't care anymore I just want to fertilize I want to live for more than myself UwU I want to fill her capsule I want blood all over the sheets I want it all

What the fuck happened to y'all on Spite?
Y'all niggas getting hoe'd out in real time on here and it's deplorable to quote my girl Hillary. What ever happened to Dennis Rodman?!!! What ever happened to Tupac?? Y'all gotta write more flow-itry. Y'all gotta stop journal posting on thihbih like fr fam. Y'all niggas on here gay af. I'm tryna read some mind bending niche schizo genius and y'all bugging out on here talking about your body parts and shit. Unforgibable. -AngryTechNigga 
Caught that shit in 4k

so true


b
b

OCD 4
When you were just a stranger to me, we rolled around in the grass together. I looked at what starved light survived in the night sky as you spoke in a daydream language. I was drifting again, curling up under the porch of myself like a dying pet. But then you touched my hand and made my freckles burn and I woke up, realising how long I'd been thinking about what a star is. It's both the pinhole of light and the dead spheroid of plasma itself, held together by magic. Is love just a peep of the real thing, the whispery image that is left on the page behind the grand drawing? Is a train just the beams of light I can see bending around the tunnel before I see the train itself emerge from the shadows? Before I know it, the final destination. The truth barrelling towards me. I'm standing on the tracks and then I wake up again. I ask my body to put me back so I can see if the train was only a snake of dust, a phantom that drags through me harmlessly, scraping a bit of my soul out of me as it passes. I wonder about what would happen if I was looking at a star and I started to realise, oh fuck it's getting closer. I lean over and bite your knees, kiss your scarred chin and put my head on yours. When you were just a stranger to me, I was in pre-love. Like the train beams bending around the tunnel. Like starlight. Like a peep of the real thing. Getting closer.... Closer.... It's here.

Cock Destroyers
currently crying about cock destroyers 
that was true female connection 
sapphic and grandiose a display of something denied and shared 
yes it is more profound than you 
it is deep they were in love like they were like super gay and they kept talking abt guzzling cum or wtv as a an act of sexual agency and in that shared higher sexual vibration 
like this is what chapel roan intensity can only be seen in like this is true sapphic catastrophe and gravitational pull, oh to be so in love and so severed from the sapphic cradle

Freckles
Arrived so hard I screamed your name today I hope you get a freckle every time

im extremely sexy I’m just not a pedo baiting blonde.
I hate my ex-boyfriend so much. While in the relationship I would mourn my past self. Now that it’s over, the attempts to get back to that place  are seemingly unending 
makes me feel horrendous. It’s very very hard to feel pretty after that. I still haven’t felt pretty the way I used to since he completely broke down.
 Every single day, I hope he dies brutally and his pulverized physically as well as spiritually I genuinely blame him for my lack of motivation as well as wasting so much of my time. he slept with me around the time my uncle died, which is the only reason I touched him. Stay single everybody. Pursue your goals and dreams 
stay single

The flyer for the Spite Reading
The reading will exclusively consist of writing published on Spite Magazine.

The flyer for the Spite Reading


My writing
In 4th grade, I wrote a poem about a hot air balloon 
Twas published in a county elementary school excellence mag

At 16, a scam mag found my Newsie fanfic on archive of our own.
 Ma talked me out of paying-to- be published [ultimately, she was write /strike (right)]

When I was 35, my writing got me laid

Again at 36

Now, maybe I'll provide a chuckle for Bushwick hipsters on Oct 13

And mom said I'd never make it in literature. 💀

Dawg I hate the internet so much
Deadass tho like I hate logging on and shit but it’s the only place my art could be remotely successful. Like I just don’t find shit funny or interesting no more. If I hear any more shit about diddy or hawk tuah imma straight up cut my dick off. Also deadass fuck dimes square avant garde art for podcast adults. Fuck the entirety of New York if your from New York I don’t wanna hear your opinion on shit. #criplyf

I hate witty banter with a match
I feel like I'm just regurgitating Cusack lines in some fucking movie.

Even more so when 'I toss all the pleasantries aside. "Just talk about real deep stuff.... like what [we think] happens when we die'

I hate witty banter with a match
I feel like I'm just regurgitating Cusack lines in some fucking movie.

Even more so when 'I toss all the pleasantries aside. ~"Just talk about real deep stuff.... like what [we think] happens when we die'~

We're like the
Larva stage of robots 🤖

Apex predator
Watching the debate, practicing Chinese, figuring out the best way to dilute carotenoids from my carrot salads, trading Solana. Waiting on some crostinis that I’ll have with butter and jam me-thinks.

Apex predator
Watching the debate, practicing Chinese, running two separate methanol carotenoid dilution tests, trading Solana, and munching on some crostinis with butter and jam

apex preditor
Watching the debate, practicing my Mandarin, running two separate methanol carotenoid dilution tests, trading Solana, breaking a 20 hour fast with some crostinis with butter and jam and a glass of milk + collagen, praying for peace in our world

aphex predator
Watching the debate, practicing my Mandarin, running two separate methanol carotenoid dilution tests, trading Solana, breaking a 20 hour fast with some crostinis with butter and jam and a glass of milk + collagen, praying for peace in our world

almost dropped my phone as i typed this, missed flight for a miss-
Heard someone say “we might as well go to the car and get cigarettes” from a lady in her late thirties “then go to In-N-Out, get a double double” in the emergency room after having to cancel my flight to nyc over another fucking miscarriage . When I had an episode on my flight here about this exact thing I knew it would happen again. on top of everything the birth control i used was found to cause brain tumors and ovarian cysts. might die. send prayers

I wasn’t born yesterday
I feel there is a palpable sexual tension between me and my elderly professor. I can’t explain it but I get the sense that he is transfixed by my beauty. He plays it extremely cool, very laid back, and chill. Sometimes we wait across the street from one another for our respective buses. We both use the LA Metro. There is a strange electricity humming between us but I dare not make eye contact after office hours. Even when he’s not looking at me I feel his gaze. Sometimes I wonder if he’s playing psychic tricks on me. What is it all for?

re: i wasnt born yesterday
I wasn't born yesterday
And I see it on your face
I wasn't born yesterday
And I am not your baby anymore
You took my heart and now it's broken
I ain't your baby anymore
(Don't call me baby)
Don't say a word because I know
(Don't call me baby)
I ain't your baby anymore
(Don't call me baby)
So save the word because I know
(Don't call me baby)

hmmmm
hmmmmmm...
 .... .... hi..

... ...... ily

$
$Manyu 在 TIKTOK 上有 570 万粉丝，而 $Erdou 在 Douyin 上有 3890 万粉丝。

看看当事情变得更加……中国化时会发生什么。

$
$Manyu 在 TIKTOK 上有 570 万粉丝，而 $Erdou 在 Douyin 上有 3890 万粉丝。

看看当事情变得更加……中国化时会发生什么。

Long Good Mornings & New30Lifestyle
Dear Spite, 

Wake up today and enjoy A New30 and Sun. It’s a new month for all this. While the waves come push this strong. Out with old, in with the new, New30 been kicking so long. Lifestyle matters. Travel matters. Everything matters on the first of the month. New30, New30 days, enjoy all 30, we’re here to stay. 

With Love,
@new30lifestyle

Ranking Features of Spite that make it Charming af:
5. NO "CONNECT WITH HR REP OR HORRENDOUS EX FROM YOUR CONTACTS!!!" Suggestions 
4. No links. Limited pics. Finally. Give us LESS
3. When someone does post an Ad or something hateful and no one gives a shit bc they will be below the page fold by 3pm
2. When you hit a text limit in the text box and things start slowing down (drafting in Notes App risks #1 more)
1.When you try to post and it crashes so then you try again and it posts multiple times "A Douly" if you're really desperate, a "A Tripoli." (Hilariously embarrassing)

Sometimes I wonder where all this is going


hi


a message
i'm kind of like taking a break from socializing bc i've been rlly burnt out for months  and i don't know how to tell ppl except through the medium of a spite post so if u see me post this you'll know it's me 

sorry to be melodramatic

my secret is that im not extroverted at all
but i don't know how to turn off the chatty personality irl bc i like people a lot

I am too simple for this world
I can’t adjust! Falling asleep to YOUTUBR and waking up to SCROLL is not natural. Having a kid is the most instinctive, natural thing you can do but handing the child an IPAD counteracts it. The INTERNET is not ESSENTIAL and it does more harm than good. I’d throw away my PHONE BUT IM MAKING A SPITE POST

The old days
Reading a book, slowly leafing through the pages, putting in some work for entertainment, is almost a primal experience , relative to the way things are. But when a BOOK mentions the INTERNET, you know what I mean… I can’t help but be removed. No hate to Vack or Levy. I’m happy for them. But it makes me deeply sad. My problem I guess. I can’t adjust

The flyer for the Spite Reading


The Spite Reading


Re: Spite Reading
Lots of queers and one cool guy,,, can you tell who? - The Riddler

i hate the scene
I think because the online feels like a sociosphere that A. is not real, B. cannot be measured. there is no permanence here and everything is ephemeral.

Appreciation
Body is swimming in sound on a sleep cloud
This godam place 
Forced 2 stay in compartment 
Lousy? No
Freak? Wacko? No

Theres no leverage 
Secrets that only some know 
Interrupt flow
You can drink rain water
To clear your thoughts 

Eat freshly cut grass 
Clear your body and soul
Embrace rehab 
Don’t hate the idea of change 

Appreciate you can still stretch your arms 
Appreciate you can go walk and gaze clouds 
Appreciate you can love hard, see far 
Appreciation you can hear loud

fuck


Do squirrels experience heartbreak?


"I AM RIGHT WING I AM LEFT WING" -Yoshitomo Nara
ACHY NUMBING
I WANT ALL SEX TO DIE
I CONSISTENTLY HAVE A “NO” IN MY STOMACH PIT
MY THOUGHTS I’M NOT ALLOWED TO SPEAK ARE ON TRIAL
LIKE STOP GETTING WOMEN PREGNANT IN PRISON
AND I KNOW EXACTLY WHY YOU WANT TO BE IN THE BATHROOM WITH LITTLE GIRLS YOU FUCKING SICKO
MY BODY BEGS ME TO BE COMPULSIVELY IMPULSIVE
BECAUSE I’M AN INSANELY TYPICAL WOMAN
WHO LOVES BEING COLD AND LOVES BEING HOT
I DUCKDUCKGO WHAT IT’S LIKE TO BLEED OUT LIKE EVERY GIRL DOES
SOMEONE ON REDDIT SAYS YOU’RE COLD ALL OVER BUT THE WOUND IS HOT
WHAT IF I BUT I'M TOO SCARED AND I WANT TO SEE WHAT HAPPENS NEXT
LIKE WHAT I BUY NEXT
I SPEND ALL MY MONEY ON GIRLY SHIT LIKE PRIMALLY PURE $78 BEEF TALLOW MOISTURIZER AND LOS ANGELES APPAREL YOGA PANTS AND CUTE LEAD-LACED MUGS AT THE ANTIQUE MALL
I’M SO GOOD FOR THE ECONOMY
I THINK PINKWASHING IS GOOD FOR THE ECONOMY
I LOVE MY AMAZON PRIME CREDIT CARD
I GOT THE WHOLE FOODS SKIN BECAUSE I’M EMBARRASSED TO HAVE AN 
AMAZON PRIME CREDIT CARD
BUT THE WHOLE FOODS SKIN LOOKS REALLY CUTE SO I SHOW IT OFF TO GIRLS A LOT
AND I CAN’T STOP TELLING PEOPLE HOW AWESOME IT IS THAT I GET 5% BACK AT WHOLE FOODS AND GET A LOT OF “FREE” SHIT ON AMAZON
I BOUGHT A BOOK ABOUT SOMATIC SKILLS  FOR TREATING SEX TRAUMA WITH MY AMAZON PRIME CREDIT CARD
MY BOYFRIEND HAS PRETTY RIGHTEOUS OCD SO HE THINKS A LOT ABOUT KILLING PEDOPHILES WITH HIS BARE HANDS SO I THINK HE’S THE PERFECT MAN
I TOLD A GUY WITH AN ARABIC BIO ON INSTAGRAM THAT I DIDN’T WANT TO ARGUE WITH HIM BECAUSE HE’D ACID ATTACK ME IN A COMMENT SECTION
HE WAS LIKE “IT ISN’T ARABIC IT’S FARSI” AND I WAS LIKE UMMM WOW BIG DEAL
A PERSIAN LADY BOUGHT MY BOYFRIEND’S WORKSHOP THAT HIS FAMILY HAS RENTED HIS WHOLE LIFE AND IS KICKING THEM OUT TO MAKE ROOM FOR HER CAR WRAPPING BUSINESS
THE GUY WHOSE COMMENT SECTION I WAS SAYING I’D GET ACID ATTACKED IN TOLD ME HE’D BEAT UP ME AND SARAH ANDREWS UP WHILE WE’RE NAKED AND POSTED A SCREENSHOT OF THE MESSAGE AND HIS ACCOUNT GOT DELETED
MY INSTAGRAM ACCOUNT ALMOST GOT DELETED FOR COMMENTING @ GUY TO DELETE THE PICTURE OF HIS LITTLE SISTER OFF HIS GRID OR PEDOS WILL DEEPFAKE HER
MY REASON FOR THE FREE SPEECH HATERS FUCKING WITH MY INSTAGRAM WAS  BETTER

Crying for the squirrels
I think they can 😭

Feel like a
Feel likea squashed noodle.

Feel like a
even though i squished river berries between my fingers 3 hours ago and rubbed the blood on my cheeks. i tasted it and it was like all the sour asshole raspberries in my life gripped my tongue but i was Alive.

Indy Theater
There's a indy movie theater in my town. Every time a celebrity dies, they play their movies. 

They are quick about it too [the film listing for the weekend.]  You have SPRINT to the website and refresh refresh. It will sell out in an hour.

I dream we go to it on dates and one day. Hanks. Jackson. Streep. Phoenix. A Cohen brother. When you're good and tired of fucking around. Me, you, a hummus plate, chilled wine,  and your manageable illness(es) from your yellow days. 

I can wait it out.

My social circle
Ex boyfriend and his insecurities 
Men that hit on me
My mom
Women I’m afraid I can’t be real with
Roommates that hate me

despair itself spread
every day i wake up and i can’t help but think about this spam email i received over a year ago.

Standing next to perto be like


Can’t stop
Alternating between ice cream, spite, listening to deadmau5, and porn. Dopamine firing on all silenders.

The Mass Extinction
No one really cares about you. 
Maybe your parents do.... But ...
Even they don't really care. 
This life is for nothing. 
It's time for the mass extinction. 
It's time for us all to go to God.

Moving
Im moving to Stockholm for a bit so are Any super indie fuck the industry type of art curators or groups or writers film people ? Id wanna be friends or at least know where my type of art is to support / see / learn . Berlin too .

hi


hi


hi
again

light reading


hi


i was hoping spite reading would be mostly unknowns
not sure what i was expecting tho, the chuds and unknowns/anons of spite are merely animals in a vibe farm

Yuhhhh
Y’all writing alt lit I’m getting lit with some alt hoes

How would I get unknown people to do a reading
That’s like trying to fill a job by looking for a man with no name

i second the unknowns person
u could ask them to dm you what they've written or just wait for them to appear from the mist

I forgot it’s jobtober
I need a new job immediately

Spite goes on tour
Spite reading tour. Conquering the country. Coast to coast readings. Spite reading in a bar near you. Spite for the masses.

Baby Sitting Kids With Someone Who Broke My Heart 88 Times
I'm a fucking idiot and should prolly kms

it’s been a while
i haven’t written for spite in some time. i’m sitting on the toilet in a bathroom at school. just sitting. underwear down skirt up. there are people waiting for the bathroom. Not now. I must Spite.

re:How would i…
exactly it would be an actually challenging undertaking and also potentially more challenging to get people to show up for cuz it’s not all at least somewhat clouted known scene ppl, that’s kinda the whole point, or like closer to the notional intent of the project as i understand it

Unfaithful in my dreams
Often I dream I’m unfaithful to my amazing loving boyfriend. The dreams really are so fun though and so visceral. I would never cheat in reality but I feel guilty for doing it in dreams and then thinking about them throughout the day. Theres nothing hotter than doing what you’re not supposed to. It’s out of my control so I shouldn’t feel bad but I do. I’ve never told anyone this. The dreams are so real that when I wake up for a few moments I genuinely feel like I’ve cheated on my boyfriend!! This is something, I must reiterate, I would never do. So why must my unconscious thoughts?

re: re: How would i...
the people's spite revolution

spite of the people

for the people

by the people

If "Peter Vack" reads the 'art doesn't make me feel anything' post
The most popular Spite post is this sad dude having his emperor has no clothes moment with Nu-lit and righteously pointing out that it's all a bunch of vapid theatre kid nonsense with no artistic teeth or stakes. If when I'm at the Spite reading I have to see "Peter" "Vack" read it out loud in some millennial cornball performance that tries to appropriate criticism into the abyss of his persona Im gonna throw an egg at his head for ruining what was possibly an interesting and mildly subversive writing platform

Beautiful souls agency
there should be a Beautiful Souls Agency where if u have a beautiful soul and something to say to the world u don’t do anything they just find you and drag you out of whatever dark hovel you isolate yourself in, scrub your hard drive to expose people to the beautiful things u have made and stored on it, use hypnotism to extract your beautiful ideas and thoughts and experiences and compensate you with all of the beautiful money they would surely make when they inevitably capture the imagination and hearts of everyone who sees them

Beautiful souls agency
there should be a Beautiful Souls Agency where if u have a beautiful soul and something to say to the world u don’t do anything they just find you and drag you out of whatever dark hovel you isolate yourself in, scrub your hard drive to expose people to the beautiful things u have made and stored on it, use hypnotism to extract your beautiful ideas and thoughts and experiences and compensate you with all of the beautiful money they would surely make when they inevitably capture the imagination and hearts of everyone who sees them

I have been allowing all of my sneaky friends to post on Spite from my work computer
I have been allowing all of my sneaky friends to post on Spite from my work computer

I have been allowing all of my sneaky friends to post on Spite from my work computer

Bitter  Me/Better Me Diet
Between carefully counted meals,  i look my [boyfriend's] new [girlfriend's] insta[s].

HappyHeavier lovebirds. Place in water and Watch them grow overnight. Milkshake. Popcorn. Naan. Chips. Cookies

Energy seesaw. Thank you for the holiday season restraint.

Uhhh…congrats on the rape art safe space


Not autistic just hyper observant
Walking through grocery store
I start counting in groups of 5
3 shaved 2 beard 
4 beard 1 shaved 
5 beard 
4 shaved 1 beard 
20 totals to do my percentages 
Out of the 15 beards 12 were unintentional, and disgusting 
That’s 80% 
Zipfs Law
75% bearded 25% shaved
Good clean numbers
Extrapolating this means 60% of the population is disgusting and may have some kind of brain damage
Lower than I thought

You think you know yourself but really you know your phone
Shut up

Who I hope to read my spites
I hope Annabel reads my spites or the girl who I think was seeing the same guy as me when I lived in New York❤️ I think that would be fun

Rape Art Safe Spacd


Spite Discord
might give the plebs a shot at a voice

AND SOMETIMES I STILL MISS HIM….


The Spite Magazine Reading Never Happened
Anon is designed to hate the unknown, he will always have a fundamental antagonism to anyone who attempts to represent him, especially if it’s a faggy old head. The problem is that speaking for himself in a public setting is a sort of suicide for anon which changes the possibilities and meaning of the words he says. The millennials are our sacrifice because they are retarded, and because they are willing to grovel, and they are pathetic.

HE PUT A BLACK MAGIC SPELL ON ME
I hate that! I’m not sure what it was but it was some kind of retardsd goetia probably. I’m not even sure how he found my energetic contact info but I don’t want to deal with his wizardry bullshit anymore. I’m sick of it. And he’s a fag

HE PUT A BLACK MAGIC SPELL ON ME
I hate that! I’m not sure what it was but it was some kind of retardsd goetia probably. I’m not even sure how he found my energetic contact info but I don’t want to deal with his wizardry bullshit anymore. I’m sick of it. And he’s a fag

But God I would still do whatever he asked
And that’s what is scary

How is the spite IG page still so small
"Peter Vack" lol

please
teach me how to post or I'll fucking kill you don't dumb it down teach me how to post or I'll ruin your life can someone like dom me into posting maybe daily weekly oh my God please I just want to post like everybody else

What if the future of the internet
Is closed off discord like communities. After a certain date. We can only buy things with eachother,  date eachother, etc

Every 10 years we reset the economy 

"Outranet"

Like a brief unforgettable love affair
Spite is too,  temporary.

What if the point of life
Is to fall in love until you get it right. That's why it feels OK to pass on when it's over

Jesus wept


Ideas for Spite Growth;
You will eventually need cash. Hackers will find this shit too and wreak it. You need a team to pay to do security at the very least if you keep the same UI.

Ok but "the integrity " of not having ads". "I miss old Spite" tsunami 

Make it a subscription. No ads and you get bumped to randomized user groups, no warning.

You people take everything far too seriously
And none of this is really significant at all

$1 sub
The developers can bad at their jobs. Beginners. Novices. YouTube trained.
That's part of Spite'sappeal. Down 3 weeks. Deal with it

And if we ever raise prices , Spite self destructs in spite of itself

certified schizo


New emojis
Where in this city can I get a glass of milk 
She was the banana of my eye 
No place in this city for a guy like me 
A guy who doesn’t take care of himself 
A guy who doesn’t have tattoos and who isn’t gay

New emojis
Where in this city can I get a glass of milk 
She was the banana of my eye 
No place in this city for a guy like me 
A guy who doesn’t take care of himself 
A guy who doesn’t have tattoos and who isn’t gay

“Your choice of emojis make me want to kill myself”
Real thing I heard someone say… Right after she turned around and screamed and everyone looked

I want to become him
I love him but I also want to fuse with him and take on his essence like a Polynesian warrior eating the head of an enemy. I would eat his head. I would give him head. I would take his essence straight to the dome and I would take on his essence through ritual. I’m going to have to duel him for my own love.

Just put weed oil in my ear
Minty variety. I like to try new things every day.

i’m dumb
i’m dumb it didn’t occur to me they might read spite stuff at the spite reading i just assumed when i saw the names it would be a bunch of ppl who write reading their usual shit that’s got nothing to do with spite lol

listen im
fr im just like alice in wonderland but if alice in wonderland was a pervert

General Anger
I want to stab some of you. I want to shoot some of you. Some of you i would hit with a truck. Some of u i want to fight in a regular fight. I have imagined methods of attack. A lot of u really need to be hit. A lot of u really need to be beat, fucked. Some of the women are gorgeous/cute and some of the men r cool, fun. But u still need to be beat/fucked.

No face
No face (pics)
No case (just very unserious relationship larping)
No replace (could never)
No mace (at the door)
No waste (of years)
Go on Facebook marketplace (the new hottest  hookup app)

funny games
you left me standing there in that hallway. fluorescent and tired. I could only hold myself in the silence. there was nothing left to say, nothing left to give. I had done it all and I had shown my hand.

magic tricks are still exciting if you know how it’s done, right? i’m asking and hoping the answer would be yes. but I know it’s not very sexy when someone knows you the way I did.

Walking on the beach
I have nothing to say and everybody to impress
My favourite number three
War looks weird
I’m drawing a Koch snowflake in the sand
But I stop after the second iteration
✡️ 
And continue walking
But since I am one of these grains of sand myself
They step on me
And draw their own with me and all my friends

Lost
Lost the ability to think about you And [finosh] 
(nothing personal, just how this shit goes)
But I still call out ur name at the top of the mountain and then call you a slur

spite cherry pop
tbh a lot of people who posst on here sound kind of scary and weird . this is my first time and im  only doing it because [redacted] said I️  have to post something to do the reading. idk I️ feel like this whole things gives if those two white boys from gus van sant's Elephant had yik yak or like if 4chan fucked dennis cooper and david foster wallace was the cuck. anyways im  excited for the reading

spite cherry pop
tbh a lot of people who posst on here sound kind of scary and weird . this is my first time and im  only doing it because [redacted] said I️  have to post something to do the reading. idk I️ feel like this whole things gives if those two white boys from gus van sant's Elephant had yik yak or like if 4chan fucked dennis cooper and david foster wallace was the cuck. anyways im  excited for the reading

#bpd


Apple cheesecake
Red face from alcoholism,
Balding,
Fat,
This is low-hanging fruit but he’s bearing low hanging fruit,
With lips, like everyone’s in The Big 🍎 , purple and crispy, tongue sour so the voice won’t speak. Instead he empties a tank before exacting a truth honest and simple as cake. 
She knows he doesn’t lie to her she knows he lies to himself by not speaking, “big bwoyyy” she says “im ready”
Cheese! He does it he does it he does it, makes the face. He does it for the money and the glory and the cheese. It has a stinger effect.
And shout out to the fact he rich. Got that kind of money make a broke bitch bitter. 
He tell her he in credit card debt doe. Clutch. 
Yeah, hoe, yeah, hoe, yeah, hoe. 
He psychologically playing the tuba in a funny fat-person-walking way, heralding his own arrival as he walks side to side. His swag works. 
“Nah,” he thinks, “I’m not lying to nobody,” he thinks, “I’m meant to be a fat Casanova, a fat Don Juan, a fat gigolo, basically a fat Mephistopheles”
He makes movies btw. Swagger. 
🍿🎬

He’s got it: the primeval sort of gusto, the chutzpah and by chutzpah I mean chungus and by chungus I mean absolute indignation and comedy and narrative substance and courage and quickness.
So if you want to cancel player boys leave the art and literacy or creative whatever scene. These are those guys who are lucky enough to break away from the pack, they’re going under to cross over. Ready to burn themselves to ashes for the glory and the game and the money and the pussy and the fame. This guy I described is now reincarnate as a phoenix btw, a fat one still too. His new movie is a transgressive take on the modern relationship, revolved around “contemporary undoings of relationships and intersections with politics and structures of power and surveillance or something.” Bitch stop playing with him. You know he doesn’t lie to you.

My convession
I am the subway masturbator
They cannot catch me
They’ve come close
I do NOT do it in front of children
I am different from the homeless that way 
I do it alone and when I am caught I stop immediately 
Out of respect
It’s not a fetish
It’s not a power thing
I’m just addicted to masturbating
If I could I would cut my penis off

I found footage with a real encounter. I am in the water.


I want to be seen
I want to be perceived. I want to be recognised. I want to be portrayed. I want to be understood and misunderstood. I want to be revered and heralded.

literally I love you
hi kitten did you drink a lot of water today yea drink some more for me yeah that's it good girl. ok so i want you go post just like Ciara Horan for me ok can you do that yeah with like kabbalah vibes too yeah like godpost but more idk quirked up, you know? yeah? ok hold your breath for me baby, 1 2 3 4 5 good girl. yeah of course you're so pretty I'm Tristan youre Isolde I love you. let's make another post ok. you're making daddy really proud.

Someone has been calling the "Avant-Tarde" stuff "R*pecore" and it's spot on
It's that guy JM who is like the only actual schizopilled poster in the scene which spooks all the fake schizopilled guys anyway what he said is one hundred percent correct, it's not even just gross and fucked up it's also just straight up hack art, it's just smearing your shit on the bathroom stall door and pretending that says something honest and subversive. They want to write Lolita so bad

About to take the biggest shit ever
Its going to feel awesome

About to take the biggest shit ever
Its going to feel awesome

Went to a punk rok concert and touched this old guy


I’m going to kill myself
I’m no one and I’m nothing. I’m circling the drain. If you take a rose petal and rub it between your fingers it gets all brownish grey- I feel like that.  I try to get my shit together but I guess I never will- I lack effective will. It doesn’t matter to me if there’s a chorus of demons influencing me because I believe that I’m a lost cause. I’m already a shade and I feel like I’m over-mixed oil paint scraped thin and translucent, making a mess and ruining the composition. I’m devoid of talent and work ethic. I’m not a waste of space because I take up no space- I’m really a wraith. Calvinists are probably right- I was always damned. It sucks because it won’t be glamorous. Just a crime scene to clean up- it won’t have that unctuous tragedy that a good artist’s suicide has. It’s just distasteful. I’m not even 27. There’s no juicy mythos. No war crimes. Not even any passion behind it, just resigned terror. 

People will miss me. My family, the man who loves me. I love them. I’ll miss some of you. But I’m circling the drain.

I won’t actually kill myself
I just needed to put that out there

gay


j. fentanyl
carli gon leave ya ike it or naught

The Spite mag nigga
Stole my weed pen!!! Give it back!!!

d
well i actually am though

I am being gang stalked by purse dogs
Every toy dog I see is sending me a high level targeted threat through their relentless piercing stares. It’s like when a baby looks at you for too long cause you’re ugly but worse because dogs can’t understand beauty, they can only perceive moral weakness

To suicidal person:
They say if you feel overwhelmed by your kids, have more kids.

This is the best advice because it makes you realize what bullshit you are prioritizing (getting to soccer on time, clean white shirts) just doesn't really matter. 

I highly recommend: microdose making your life worse. In small ways. Secret side quests. Then hop back to safety and go oh OK. That was horrible and scary... and now reg life feels not so bad.

Is young love dead forever?
Is this the end of young love?

bpd is a designer mental illness
If you’re poor you can’t be that annoying

bpd
i’ve met poor people that annoying

Happy Fuckiversary
That's all, I don't even think of you that often

RAPECORE
RAPECORE

Rapecore
Can someone define it give examples very little info online and urban dictionary was a bust

Fingers on my lips
I don't regret much of anything but
I regret trying to suck your fingers
You were just making sure I was real
Studying the mechanics of my particular face
While I tried to be
A HOOTERS poster
Your mom shamed you into not peeking at

Rapecore Definition
Rapecore is when you’re raped by Zeus in the form of a swan.

Loml incarcerated
Y'all he in jail but I love him bad 😭. I love him so bad. Imma wait for him, I’ll do him right… Imma hold it down for you baby cos I love you. Eighty more days I’ll keep working at this job I swear I’ll give it all to you

What’s my problem?
Heart raped by God that gives birth to God

Fr tho
Im acting like nothing happened just fuckint around like I didn’t just lose my top bitch forever. I want to write something romantic about her but it doesn’t seem fair. I probably will and I’ll just keep it to myself. It’d just be some poo poo pee pee nonsense anyway

gm
gm baby it's time to post yep then daddy will choose your outfit ahuh wait no make it less angelicism like be adjacent not derivative ugh no! you can do better baby I know you can yea you're so much prettier than all of those girls my love for you is pure my luv 4u is sacred yeah no just be on vibe it's hard to explain use a better font or something listen hold your breath for me 1 2 3 4 5 shhh shhh good girl ok let's get back to it

iiii
idkidkidkidkidk

that was the most beautiful thing ive ever seen, call me
hi

babe
that wasn't very corecore of you

Cant wait
cant wait for the spite reading so that i can pretend things can happen and im a meaningful part of this worl d

In a sense I am sort of like batman
In the sense that when I was 9 years old Elliott Rodger shot 6 students at the school I lived 10 minutes from.  
I have been giving pussy to losers ever since. I will never let anything like that happen again. Sure there have been threats, but no school shootings anywhere I ever am. It’s not easy letting incels run trains on me but it fulfills me. It instils me with a sense of purpose. I know I am part of something bigger than myself.

The four art scenes of la east side
1. Hipsters- non artists who consume art. 4100/ walts crowd. Letterboxed their top 4 hinge dates. Many in this crowd may call themselves artists or believe they produce art, but they are mistaken
2. Bad artists- these people have fucked up lives and can hang with other artists. they write, make music films etc but its bad. they go to and often organize a LOT of events- readings, screenings, DIY shows- make zines. edendale, thirsty crow sort of crowd
3. Artists who don’t make art- they don’t make art, if they did it would be good but they do too many drugs etc. Prado to dada pipeline crowd. This crowd is often relegated to mingling with crowd #2, bad artists. Crossover points include red lion
4. Artists who make good art- they are successful and live/work in central hollywood. Jones, chateau, niche dives. Paramount studio. Sunset sound. Obscure lunch

Al a aquariums
Even dolphins have to pay for their healthcare and food by performing and being obedient, all while trapped for spectacles sake and sometimes science’s sake.

#showerthoughts
On my knees in the bathtub 
I️ think about women like me 
who are
more beautiful than me
and I️ make love to that unattainability, that nature 
of my own undesirability, 
until I️ want to be beautiful too.

I am circling the drain 
with one finger and tracing
my asshole with a finger

on the other hand 

I️ am thinking of you and making peace.

The spite guy sleeps on an air mattress
never seen an apartment that’s not a sublet

I don’t really understand who Peter vack is
Every time I try to figure it out I get bored before I find my answer. As far as I can tell people are talking about this guy way too much for how little he does

nifty guid
HOW TO STOP BEING A MAIN CHARACTER

1. Do NOT walk to the beat of your music.
2. Avoid music altogether.
3. If you can repeat a zinger you’ve just spontaneously spitted out for the camera you are a lost cause. Best of luck at Sundance.
4. Start saying - I am not a main character. Threaten to deschool like one of them Ilich girls.
5. Try to be surrounded by the main characters at all times. 👍 Make sure that some of them are roleplaying as side-kicks and extras convincingly.
6. Manipulate these people to repeat your random ways. Don’t overdo charisma. This will allow you to be surrounded by your copies and finally become the water 👍
7. Over-indulge in gossip.
8. Have normal choices, hair, weight and prosody of speech 👍
9. Alternatively, become moderately ugly and slightly diseased.
10.  Blur your face in group photos.
11. Over-indulge in political discussion.
12. Become better at scrying with non-reflective objects.
13. Live with your parents for a year.
14. Follow the advice of crypto-coaches and other members of the oldest profession.
15. Spend every evening watching someone playing video games, poorly.
16. Unlearn to read. 

pls add to my awesome list I want to be published at an awesome and amazing  [dirt.fyi](http://dirt.fyi) website

lowkey highkey what’s going on in london frfr
london what are you doing

Zeigarnik eff-
You're weaponizing it. I'm Not asking you to elope with a Kennedy, but maybe a Klein or a Ye.

Put me out of my misery. These transient green discharge stains in your underarmor don't deserve a minute of my attention. I want it to make sense. 

Ah, yes. There's his match. Time to count the steps to my death bed. All things go in their natural order.

.....

....is this current bed bug a whippit girl? A temporary boost? I've never met a whippit who TRULY thought it was an inhaler. 

Could you keep a comfortable 7 ? Can youuuuu find your birth certificate? Is it even in a folder?

You’ll all know my name soon
To whoever's left,

Give all my stuff to the cats.

I didn't bang nearly enough girls or drugs in this life of mine.

My writing is terrible, my personality is grating, and nothing brings me joy.

Just to be clear,
I blame all of you.

Best,
Anon.

You’ll all know my name soon
To whoever's left,

Give all my stuff to the cats.

I didn't bang nearly enough girls or drugs in this life of mine.

My writing is terrible, my personality is grating, and nothing brings me joy.

Just to be clear,
I blame all of you.

Best,
Anon.

Unrequited love cross national agenda
sorry but i’m completely in love with someone who i don’t think loves me back. but everything is so weird rn maybe they could.

i know this is low brow af but yeah.

also london is fine like, gonna make it

Unrequited love cross national agenda
sorry but i’m completely in love with someone who i don’t think loves me back. but everything is so weird rn maybe they could.

i know this is low brow af but yeah.

also london is fine like, gonna make it

Another
Lost pregnancy ,
 morphine injection at 6:13 in the morning
 after shooting out bile on both ends, 
My spirt lives but the child’s dead, 
sacrificing embryos like lamb, 
cake of lights make me sick everytime. 
yaldabaoth laughs and urges me to scream 
Bonded chemically to material reality 
practically married to it.
It’s borderline suicide this art life

A man who
a man who had just gotten off work walks into grocery store his phone just died but he needs to buy milk he goes home and falls asleep in front of the tv he will dream about waking up for his day the office tomorrow

You are all the way across the room
You said that is the furthest you will go
Standing on the other side of the room
I can’t get the image out of my head 
Of you lifting your arms over your head

I think that was the most beautiful thing I ever saw 

I think of Mishima impersonating St. Sebastian,
That is what you looked like to me,
Except sexy and feminine.
The arrows have eaten into your fragrant, youthful flesh,
And your body about to be consumed from within with flames of 
Supreme agony and ecstasy

You were all the way across the room
My loins soared up, blood pounding angrily against my extremities 
When you hold your hands high like that the breasts shift and lock into a perfect alignment 
One could use to measure the distance of the stars 

I felt a secret radiant something burst forth with a blinding intoxication
And my body freeze into an unnatural position, 
Like a dancer in a toy that plays music when it spins,
Now trapped in the closet maybe like R Kelly
There were cloudy white splashes about 
On the gold imprinted title of a book
On her stomach 
On one corner of the table 
On the toy with the dancers 
The picture itself had become completely soiled 
Due to one moments absentmindedness
Dreamy Sabine woman’s abduction by dreamier abductees
Who are then abducted by dreamier abductees
And everyone becomes dreamier and dreamier til we are in a dream 
Everything you are, everything you could be is packed into this ambitious work
When it’s finished this soiled object will be a monument to your genius

Fat Bitches
fat bitches need to know when to shut the tf up fr doe
yall need to shut up!!!!!
fat bitches are so trifling it makes my skin crawl!!!!!

I lowkey miss Rapecore
wonder what the rapecore crew is up to

how do i participate in this awesome activity btw happy bday dull


2900 spite
That’s a whole o big old yard lot a spite

Bird just shit on the kush in my hand 🤚
I’m dead asf never smoking at the park again and my legs r dry 😢

9 words and I'll be yours
"....I know which ones are you on Spite, bitch.."

i feel the need to tell u
the real reason i didn’t come over is i thought my period was over but it Wasn’t. yes i was tired but i would have leapt off the train and went to u anyway. this is embarrassing and i will never say it so please recognize my voice. or maybe don’t bc it’s embarrassing

gm
yeah kitten how was school yh time to post. idk honestly not feeling it today maybe do honor levy vibes like if honor levy was a neet I mean I guess she kinda is. yeah I bet that's a hard class art school sounds hard I'd want to join a convent too no no you're just rly misunderstood yeah like Simone Weil. like you have that spark. shhh no daddy loves you you're a special princess. hold your breath. 1 2 3 4 5.

The RapeCore kids
Are alright

I limit myself to one downtown event per week
I really need to focus on everything I have to do 
Next week I will go to the Spite reading 
And then spend the next 5 days thinking about how I could do something so much more revolutionary than this midlevel vibe trafficking scheme operated by a straight gay appropriating coastie who literally moved to new york 2 months ago

This is not a scene
This is a tumblr ask box with an attitude problem. Go outside. Or at least look out the window

Sorry I didn’t mean that
Tumblr asks have authorial intent. This is a chan board for people with even less to say than those drooling spiritual nonentities. 

Nah I’m just playing. But not really

For the Chan-ners
i hate my ex. Fucker says I think you’ll age beautifully. I know he’ll never see me then. He knows he probably never get to see me past 30z
I know I’ll never get the privilege of aging. I know I will die soon. Not like it’s my choice either. It’s very sad to think of for too long. Not because death is sad but because of the way it will affect those around me. I’m too young but not so young that it would be easy to get over or even old enough to say at least she really lived.
I can’t tell if it not affecting anyone would be worse. Still the words I think you’ll age beautifully are extremely haunting. worse then my stain on the world. Like a Dorian Gray haunted by the predicament, wishing he had never existed. I’m not suicidal i simply wish i never was

Hallelujah


Hallelujah


TumblrHoe
fuck looking out the window i might do a flip off this bitch

post clout
That feeling like damn I already won because I turned on the game and shit. That feeling like damn she hit the Kamala Harris laugh. M.O.B anyway on the n02 BAF on a ghostchain because its money. 
Sui trip and fall at the cvs 
no wet floor sign and they counter sue me. 
I'm above a judge and management. 
I don't care if they shadow banned me.
-AngryTechNigga

i don’t spite
all yuh bitches on spite got nothing to say but evry couple posts there’ll be sum fcking good ass poem or smt or sm1 w a real problem and that shit is heavy 

here’s a poem 
Thought of the day

It’s strange the lives that people carry 
on their shoulders, every day, 
cause rain still falls as footsteps hurry 
passing thoughts to helpless ways, 

growing vines are curled forever 
should you not cut them when they sway, 
dancing like swans that never lever
their spoiled wings against sure rays, 

rains will turn sidewalks to shorelines,
clouds will stack like bails of hay, 
but the path from your door to mine
will be free of heaven’s trace,

it’s strange how lives that people carry
far beyond us somehow stay, 
and how the self I thought I buried 
cannot ever lead me astray, 

petals bloom and fruits are given
for critters crossing morning haze, 
and I’m glad the life I live in 
has smile my smile and bared my face, 

mountains fall and death abounds us
so I guess what I’m trying to say, 
is thank you for the love you place  
upon my shoulders with such grace.

Rapecore art show at the rape art safe space
I am getting a pedicure before I go to my job at the dungeon and felt like typing this out:

Yes. It’s to be expected that even with this most severe subject crumps had to make it about himself, implying that trying to work against belligerent rape culture is some sort of clout game of cultural relevancy? 
 might be the most bitch ass thing I’ve ever heard. Also might be actual rape victims who are the avant elite in terms of knowledge of rape culture. 
the rest of them are shitting themselves also.
Bro you really think that nothing is gunna happen if you openly claim rapists status and make a rape art safe space? 
Is the fearful insecure reaction part of the performance? Probably not, these guys are just really that  moronic.  Nothing lamer than a bitch ass dude trying to claim monster status AND backtracking.

And the rest of you….are you also really that committed to your over compensating psued/snob thing that you just accept rape art on the grounds that it is somehow conceptually weird? 
You all are pathetic 
It’ll be funny to see the response to this post that will likely be crazy made even tho it’s being posted in the drama magazine specifically about spite.

Do incels realize...
That there are a bunch of shy of age egirls who are chronically online who could be suuuuper hot, they just need to clean up a bit and lose a few lbs. Obviously, you can't open the gate with that but it's so very doable. [[I lost so much to fuck a guy and I have kept it off 1 year so far and now fitness a special interest hobby. He wasn't even actively helpful. Just mysterious and dtf]]

Never kill yourself bro. Uncel yourself in 3-9 months with some low carb lightly sociopathic breadcrumbs.

Concerning


who went missing?


I love you


I love you


I love you


no one has an answer for why's she followin dave free and not mr morale


no one has an answer for why's she followin dave free and not mr morale


That was like third person to tell me that someone went missing
But no one knows who

They should call it Cope Magazine


yo


Can't make the spite reading
Nobody can cover my shift at myjob. Should I end it all?

Spoiler
The joker gets raped and killed by the actual joker

My boyfriend does


My boyfriend doesn't know I don't have any money


My boyfriends


It seems like no one wants a quirked up white girl anymore


My boyfriend doesn't know I don't have any money
yes he does

I am one of many quirked up white girls
It’s a crazy feeling to date someone that has a clear type

0 kids
Baby Oskie
~"i have given you a white goat" 

caught a fever holding baby oskie
oh he calmed right down 

next day during sappho 
at the wedding ceremony he cried
but i couldnt hear over the lydian scale
the train going by everyone seeing this 
needs have 3-5 babies

it is not about us and every bad thing in the world didn't matter when i held him 

is that me or am i sick is it just
the gong reverberation 
coming from my balls

daddy issues
Why haven’t you called in months? It’s not fair seeing everyone have loving fathers. You never showed up to anything. I want my dad to tell me im doing a good job. Instead I now have to settle for random men giving me the slightest bit of attention. Do you regret it at all? Why don’t you care about me? My daddy doesn’t love me.

thank you spite
I would totally have just made a cancel post by now but instead I am doing literature

Never be with me
I'm in control this way. I decide when we're over. Because I would have to decide to schedule and you'd show up out of curiosity when I'm 65. And then, I would see it in your eyes that I've changed too much. Nothing said. We'd both know.

:D
I got two needle marks on my left
 I got one needle mark on my right
 and
 there’s a burnt spoon outside

G-d is a Comedic Genius 

made a tumblr gif of myself 
When this is read at the spite reading, I hope a fight breaks out over the pronunciation / mispronunciation 

Morphine Felt like hot soup. The comfort is incomparable.
To anything other than really hot soup
its injected into your veins. 
But you feel it mostly in your stomach
Hug like comfort
Dangerous 
I do more
if I were blessed to be a little dumber
tired of saline, 
somehow nauseous from the Zofran, 
an unbearable Burning sensation from the Tylenol.
 I wish I was making this shit up
Pretty sure my mother cursed me 
my fiction is better stg 
This is an eternal scream into a void post
These are my Laura Palmer style diary entries

TRUE!!!🤣


In my mind...
~*~ U'v3 us3nt al0t 0f m3ss4ges t00 ~*~
Ily ily ily 💕🎀

사이다 (Sprite)


사이다 (Sprite)


no one wants a quirked up black girl anymore
we exist. our asses are fatter. our shtick is too real and our energy is hard.

:3


doesn’t matter
it doesn’t matter how much you post you’ll never actually have what you want

black quirky girls w cakes
nah we on that

alt-lit should be rebranded
How about we call it alt-write. because we write. “lit” is when you get two drunk at a party.

A veritable ‘’ Spite Spout ‘’
is it so wrong to get called a “veritable spite spout”.

Azealia Banks take your meds sweetheart
You couldn’t sell out a tiny venue in Chicago and got all pissy about it and shat on the city over a beef with a promoter. New York might be where all the losers from every other city crawl too but there’s plenty of stupid fucking losers all over the place; you’ll find a venue elsewhere you can fill eventually 🥰

Azealia Banks take your meds sweetheart
You couldn’t sell out a tiny venue in Chicago and got all pissy about it and shat on the city over a beef with a promoter. New York might be where all the losers from every other city crawl too but there’s plenty of stupid fucking losers all over the place; you’ll find a venue elsewhere you can fill eventually 🥰

Azealia Banks take your meds sweetheart
You couldn’t sell out a tiny venue in Chicago and got all pissy about it and shat on the city over a beef with a promoter. New York might be where all the losers from every other city crawl too but there’s plenty of stupid fucking losers all over the place; you’ll find a venue elsewhere you can fill eventually 🥰

Azealia Banks take your meds sweetheart
You couldn’t sell out a tiny venue in Chicago and got all pissy about it and shat on the city over a beef with a promoter. New York might be where all the losers from every other city crawl too but there’s plenty of stupid fucking losers all over the place; you’ll find a venue elsewhere you can fill eventually 🥰

Azealia Banks take your meds sweetheart
You couldn’t sell out a tiny venue in Chicago and got all pissy about it and shat on the city over a beef with a promoter. New York might be where all the losers from every other city crawl too but there’s plenty of stupid fucking losers all over the place; you’ll find a venue elsewhere you can fill eventually 🥰

Azealia Banks take your meds sweetheart
You couldn’t sell out a tiny venue in Chicago and got all pissy about it and shat on the city over a beef with a promoter. New York might be where all the losers from every other city crawl too but there’s plenty of stupid fucking losers all over the place; you’ll find a venue elsewhere you can fill eventually 🥰

Sorry
Didn’t mean to post that five times, blame admin for the technical issue

Cookie or sandwich
You can only choose one

made you look
hahaha. spited again.

more like jizz johnson


“Cookie or sandwich. You can only choose one”
-Adolf Hitler c. 1941

Someone called Spite “a zine for the brain damaged”


Testing


Testing


Testing


Testing


Testing


fall”s dichotomy
that’s a fall’s dichotomy.

I do not have autism
But the way people walk in airports makes me wish I could peel my skin off and pull my tendons away from each other like Red Vines. That would teach them a thing or two.

I had sex with my friend for no reason
Why do I keep doing this

I HATE SPITE
I get really mad and yell at the top of my lungs I hate spite. That’s how much I hate it

I was told I could post my balls on here anonymously


Some of y’all


I was the friend you had sex with
And I agree you should stop doing it

Just kidding
I’m me

I got rabies from the Salt Shed in Chicago


I meant blue


Green


The voices
At first they were unintelligible whispers now they have risen to a conversational volume and are hostile

too many fat and ugly people
i was disappointed by the 5:1 m/f ratio at the reading at sovereign house on 10/3.

i think it's just a beyond the pale level of gay for a bunch of guys who were so recently strangers to be as invested in each other as they all made out to be. bit or not, this sort of thing will scare away the sweetest peaches and attract more dysgenic jews with neurotic personality disorders.

on a hopeful note there were some good readers. some of peter vack's ongoing poem, pedlow's ex-gf's tribute and testimony, 9/11 south park style poem, some of the scene between vack and grady. 

but we could do without the rehashing of failed-to-launch bits from last year by alex bienstock, and without the ineffectual blankness of the rest that only reminds us how most readings suck in the first place.

and some final trailing grievances: 

cassidy grady's thing of flinging her leg in the air like a rockette is repulsive, no woman should ever be doing this. 

and any man wearing sunglasses indoors should kill himself. that is solely the domain of glamorous women on drugs or intermittently crying.

thank you

I'm fantasizing again tonight
I may not be an expert in one style of cuisine...
But I know how to cook
Above average I think..
But see, I will lean how to cook MORE for you. It's all about scope.
Every night toyour exactttttt preference
Clean vegan? 
Ight. 
Polish? 
Ok. Stand by. 
Korean? 
You bet. 
Kosher croquembouche? 
Like its hard?


AND I'll only eat about 1/4 as much. AND I won't be a whiny bitch about it. 
Promise. Pinky swear 🎀

i would like to never be a midwit again


All I do at work all day is tell AI that she failed


Gud post
Omg soooooooooooooooooooooooo gud :D

Horrified and disgusted to think in English.
I work as a trumpet player on a cruise liner. From April to October. Rarely get to meet girls. This year got lucky and met a girl, we even lived in her room for a month. She's gone now. I've started skipping school, use tabac. I got into having long conversations with chatbots. I hate trumpet now, wow you would read anything huh

I’ve decided to be normal
Starting tomorrow

If this makes it onto the Spite insta...
If this makes it onto the Spite Instagram, I'll break up with my girlfriend.

Person of Clout Spotted
retard

You’re not breaking up with anyone, mister


need


I hope she cheats
Asshole

I hope she cheats
Asshole

The state or time of being a girl
;
Searching for
Penis
In
This endurably lonely world we live in
Erect (if possible)

The state or time of being a girl
;
Searching for
Penis
In
This endurably lonely world we live in
Erect (if possible)

The state or time of being a girl
;
Searching for
Penis
In
This endurably lonely world we live in
Erect (if possible)

The state or time of being a girl
;
Searching for
Penis
In
This endurably lonely world we live in
Erect (if possible)

awWoooooooo
(i'm giving this dog person guy a chance)

love has boundaries that are hard so you are never in a place to not be loving them.
Lately I’ve been noticing a lot of hedonism in relationships, which is to say that everyone is looking for people who are good, or who make them feel good. Lately it seems that people think the hallmark of a worthwhile relationship is whether or not you are happy about yourself and happy about the other person when you are around them. But to me that just seems to be fair-weather friends, no? My best friend I hate. I hate her, because everything is ten times harder when it’s with her. I tiptoe around her feelings because if I don’t she will stop speaking to me. She’s lied to my other friends and told them I hate them, which is a lie. We’ve been co-dependent since I was incredibly young, and are both trapped in roles we are not when we are with each other. In me old demons and feelings raise themselves, and I’m comparing my hands with hers, lamenting my peasant genes with short fingers and a stocky build. We are in muck together. If I were cleaner I would say no, and step away from her. But, too, there’s something special to have stood in shit with someone and not cared. Been willing to tarnish your own ‘goodness’ to be with them. To stand with them even as they become more ugly. To stand with them even when you are uglier too.

love has boundaries that are hard so you are never in a place to not be loving them.
Lately I’ve been noticing a lot of hedonism in relationships, which is to say that everyone is looking for people who are good, or who make them feel good. Lately it seems that people think the hallmark of a worthwhile relationship is whether or not you are happy about yourself and happy about the other person when you are around them. But to me that just seems to be fair-weather friends, no? My best friend I hate. I hate her, because everything is ten times harder when it’s with her. I tiptoe around her feelings because if I don’t she will stop speaking to me. She’s lied to my other friends and told them I hate them, which is a lie. We’ve been co-dependent since I was incredibly young, and are both trapped in roles we are not when we are with each other. In me old demons and feelings raise themselves, and I’m comparing my hands with hers, lamenting my peasant genes with short fingers and a stocky build. We are in muck together. If I were cleaner I would say no, and step away from her. But, too, there’s something special to have stood in shit with someone and not cared. Been willing to tarnish your own ‘goodness’ to be with them. To stand with them even as they become more ugly. To stand with them even when you are uglier too.

The mysterious person
Does anyone remember that mysterious person who used to be at every event??? I haven’t seen them in a while and I’m starting to get worried.

The mysterious person
Does anyone remember that mysterious person who used to be at every event??? I haven’t seen them in a while and I’m starting to get worried.

The mysterious person
Does anyone remember that mysterious person who used to be at every event??? I haven’t seen them in a while and I’m starting to get worried.

The mysterious person
Does anyone remember that mysterious person who used to be at every event??? I haven’t seen them in a while and I’m starting to get worried.

The mysterious person
Does anyone remember that mysterious person who used to be at every event??? I haven’t seen them in a while and I’m starting to get worried.

The mysterious person
Does anyone remember that mysterious person who used to be at every event??? I haven’t seen them in a while and I’m starting to get worried.

The mysterious person
Does anyone remember that mysterious person who used to be at every event??? I haven’t seen them in a while and I’m starting to get worried.

The mysterious person
Does anyone remember that mysterious person who used to be at every event??? I haven’t seen them in a while and I’m starting to get worried.

The mysterious person
Does anyone remember that mysterious person who used to be at every event??? I haven’t seen them in a while and I’m starting to get worried.

i miss the mysterious person
that mysterious person always brought this particular vibe to every event. i need them to come back. something just dosent feel right without them.

where did these new people come from?
I've noticed that over the last week or two, we have some new faces popping up. Bienstock and GG posting about specifically one being the princess of the "avantetarde". Who are they and where did they come from? Are they here to stay? and do I have to care about them? And who's the short one and who's the tall one always around her?

Who is the princess of the avant tarde?


Mysterious person please come back
i love u

Mysterious person please come back
i love u

irredeemable
who else either already said the wrong things or did the wrong things and its already over, like imagine making ur masterpiece and then people find your old twitter and they collectively decide ur art is ass actually and ur a cornball

You were the person who was so mysterious
And now, you’re missing

No crying November


No crying November


I miss the missing person
my little angel
lost without a trace
life has lost all meaning
without you in my pink cage
come back to zaddy
and defecate on my face

This is me flexing online
Can girls please dm me so that I can respond to them.

a glaring issue
i love spite but one big problem that should be fixed is you can’t see who posted what so idk which ones are about me! i know a lot of them are at least 20%. next time you post about me please mention my name so i know. every time someone posts about Peter vack they say his name! it’s not that hard

all of you are terrible at writing
Your thoughts are petty. Your lives are boring. Your souls are black and rotten. Theres is nothing in your deficient minds worth expressing. People should either read retarded extended 9/11 jokes like that guy at the billy pedlow thing or be publicly execute via firing squad. 

Except for that last thing annabell read at confessions. That was pretty good.

#sayhisname
say his name
don’t let his flex be in vain

i'm in love with the wrong person
i am in college now for almost two months and i have a new girlfirend and she is amazing and i love her and i care about her and i like her but i can't stop thinking about this girl who i only kissed once and talked to for a year over text and calls and everything

we both are not that good for each other because we would both kinda manipulate each other and not treat the other one so nicely but i think we have a connection that is s ostrong 

we agreed not to talk and it's been a month and i think she sent me a tiktok yesterdya but then she blocked me ad i can't get her out of my head and i want to text her because i want to be with her in my life but maybe it is too early to tell. but why is she there when i wake up and when i am alone and in my dreams in my mind always what do i do? what do i do? there is no connection like the one i had with her there is no one else like her

also though she lives in another continent so i cant actually be with her because she is so far away and i dont know if eitehr of us could wait for each otehr and be committed but at the same time i think we both get jealous of the other when we are with another

is this true love?
call me montague bitch

All I do is come on here and tell you all that I love him
Our eyes are skewed in the same way

Addressed to whoever wrote “ all of you are terrible at writing”
You are amazing. Thank you for taking the time to provide such insightful feedback. You clearly are a very important person and the fact that you took the time out of your busy schedule to share a little bit of positivity here truly means the world to us all. We would be honored to include you at our next event.

a novella called the permanent xan


FAT INCEL LOSERS
all of you

Gordon Glasgow I know you’re reading this
Would be a pity if you were to go……….. missing

honestly LA is way cooler than new york
because it’s younger, has more high quality drugs and makes more movies

Gordon Glasgow the Body Shamer
Is worthy of cancellation. That is if only he wasn’t such an insignificant arse hair…

Missing friend
I miss my friend. He would make me laugh so hard with his 9/11 rapecore jokes at the River, I haven't seen him in a few weeks... I wish i could find him but I forgot what he looks like and what he does. DaMN that night when we did whippets and bet on the ping pong players in seward park and discussed the future of rapecore and 9/11 and which girls were hot or dtf... man it's not the same without you bro...
I just wish i could remember your name..

missing friend
Every step I take
Every move I make
Every single day, every time I pray, I'll be missing you
Thinkin' of the day, when you went away
What a life to take, what a bond to break, I'll be missing you

I love you
You are under my influence 
If I am the person you think I am
When I say “I love you”
Is the you you, is the I I?

November No Cry
That includes you Gordon Glasgow. If that’s even your real name. Your reading was abysmal and it was hilarious when you cried about being Jewish (yet aren’t even Jewish). What a fraud you are. NPC’s have more soul than you.

I haven’t seen Gordon Glasgow in some time
He used to come to every event.
He loved confessions
Did something happen?

Where’s Gordon Glasgow?


Secret signals in the night
In a color only you can see

Should someone call the police?
I’m really worried about Gordon

Gordon is missing
this is serious guys.
he was last seen at sovereign house

Trapped in sub space in a dominitrix home against your will for a week straight
I am way too into sub space

Can someone please ask Max Realityspammer about Gordon Glasgow?
I think he may understand what’s going on.

I’m uncomfortable with the way those guys are posting about Gordon Glasgow
I know they’re joking but if something actually happened to him that would be terrible

My friend Gordon… he’s missing…
Please … if you see him….
 Let me know …

Vote YES or NO if you would care if Gordon Glasgow went missing
This will either boost his fragile ego or give him a friendly reality check

I know this is all supposed to be a joke
But Gordon actually isnt texting me back and I’m worried these posts are getting to his head.

</3
The shadow of his feet beneath the door 
backlit by a hallway light, enters the room
before he does and I️ have to pinch my nose
while I️ blow air through my ears to adjust 
to the shift in pressure like rising elevation.
He finds me completely naked on the bed
curled in a ball, at his side in a cocoon 
because the fitted sheet curdles itself 
untucked and we have no blankets tonight.

#pray4gordon


Gordon we love you and just want to know you’re okay
Plz Gordon We love you and want you to come home

Why’s it always sex workers who are the dumbest bitches?
Don’t answer that. Let me tie you up for free

some of you deserve to be gang stalked
its okay to give up on your hopes and dreams if your art is bad. most of you are so delusional about being original i cant tell you apart. you will never be famous and someone else definitely wore that before you did.

Whatever you do
Don’t rape Gordon Glasgows missing body

Lukewarm girl
I like to have a cold boy
And a hot boy
And I am the the lukewarm girl

Lust for Gordon Glasgow
I love the way he looks so normal. 
If I had to describe Gordon Glasgow
I would say “nose… ears… hair… eyes…”
Like he could just be anybody 
Like he could just go missing

there is no one left
there is no one left who i like in the scene
everyone lies cheats and steals
for eurasian cigarettes and korean ketamine
that only lead to more rape
goodbye cruel scene

the spite guy is just like Bob Dylan
how does it feel

The Real Rapecore Post
The Real Rapecore Post
Was The Idea That Art Is Only About Clout
The Real Rapecore Post
Is NuLiberals Cancelling Rapecore
When Their Friends Date 17 Year Olds
The Real Rapecore Post
Is "Your Ideas Are Not My Ideas
Or I Wish They Were My Ideas" Orbiters
The Real Rapecore Post
Is Losing Our Souls To The First Promise
Of The Internet + Not Taking It Back Since
The Real Rapecore Post 
Is Aggression Towards Idea Transgression
Which Transgresses To Understand Us
"More"

I'm Off Pussy Within A Juxtaposition
I'm On Hypocritical Pussy Of Valid Cause
Are You Feeling It Now Mr. Thiel
My Humiliation Ritual Livestream In The
Dommy Mommy Dampened Cervix 
Theater Of Cruelty
The Glowie Woahie Angel Film Enchant
Theater Of Kind DMs
The Normcore Warm Spittle Cup In The Sun
Theater Of Groupthink Standardization

Not Sure If Scene Ranting Or Satire
Not Sure If Bigoted Or Based
One Does Not Simply Avant Tarde
One Does Not Simply Cock In Cockchat
One Does Not Simply Get Saved By The List
One Does Not Simply Spite Post
Not In This Economy...
My GG Book Signed In Cum? Thank You
I'm Something Of An 
Online Presence Myself
My Rapecore Poems? Thank You
I'm Something Of An 
Alt Lit Poster Myself
My Underrated Substack? Thank You
I'm Something Of The
Next Great American Author Myself
My $300 In Obscure Crypto? Thank You
I'm Something Of A
Cool Scary Cultist Myself
My Host List Placement? Thank You
I'm Something Of An
Industry Staple Myself

I Was Today Years Old When 
I Found Gordon Glasgow Handcuffed To
[Insert Literatute Girl Here]'s Radiator
Begging For One More Public Cucking
I Was Today Years Old When
I Entrapped All Of Peter's Lovers In A Room
For My Own Game Of The Scene Bachelor
I Was Today Years Old When
The Finger Wagging Moralists Once Again
Protected Us From Our Own Culture

I'm Smoking On That Shit That 
Flipped The Vibe
Change My Mind
Post-Extinction
Change My Mind
Tribal Surrealism
Change My Mind
Stop Bullying
Change My Mind
Free Hutch
Change My Mind
Fuck Math
Change My Mind
Applecore Invest
Change My Mind
We're All Gonna Make It
Change My Mind

Wait, what happened to Gordon?
Is he okay? Usually he’s at B&H being Jewish but I haven’t seen him in weeks…
Gordon wya buddy?

I’m working on a huge list
of guys who are cheating on their gfs
dropping soon

Just another day at the “Spite Office”


my posts aren’t getting posted on spitestagram because you guys are some geriatric millennials su


Tried saying your name when I was coming
Felt pretty satanic.
Like an evil witchy ritual.
I wonder if you felt that.
It just happened this morning

New Spite Admin Rules
1.Write goodly- Go to X for badly
2.Missing persons should be advertised on a street pole. Not here
3. If you say I love you say their name, coward  
4. More slam pieces but no names needed. #safe
5. My man may just be in a rut now.  His new hole hasnt posted the words "my boyfriend " in 24 hrs. Stand by for updates

Can’t look at spite anymore
Every post is him every post that isn’t him is her all the rest are peter vack its just the three of us me him her peter vack and the spite guy and the devil

If you’re reading this we can seethe together


fuck all y'all
HEALING.

I am surrounded by empty spirituality and false idols. 
by cowards who gag for riches and beg for handouts.

the best minds of my generation have opted out of 
a sick society.

people are manipulative and selfish but who can blame them

when all we've known is abuse and suffering.
still I hate them all equally;

black white brown
women man queer trans.

I hate them all equally
but I love them selectively.

often I write poems for 
them in the spirit of empathy.

but only from a distance.

bitch get the fuck away from me.
I’ve my own demons to carry.
we all have our own families.

I can no longer starve while others are eating.
starve for those who'd haggle for my flesh and 
tear my limbs for petty cash. I am bleeding.

I am bleeding and stitching up the pieces.
I don't need your false empathy.
fuck your manners and your civility.

I am still bleeding but now the wounds are 
healing with every NO I utter, the more 
I recede the happier I become. 

I am no longer part of the human experiment.

Dickriding
Some of you guys dick ride each other so hard I wonder if you all have aids

Romanian priest
I went to an extravagant Eastern European mass, I believe it was Romanian. It was quite the production with a huge altar draped in mauve in gold. The priest bounded out, seeming much larger than a normal human, dancing and swaying almost. He had a large and long face with an impressive black beard. The music wasn’t like the organ hymns I am used to. His preaching was sung as gospel, accompanied by the music as he slowly descended the stairs, where the parish and congregation had amassed at the bottom. As I am often allowed being very short, I was pushed to the front of the crowd and I found myself right in front of him as he came to the bottom of the crowd, and crossed to a large pedestal also raised up by stairs. I followed him, somehow managing to join him on the top of the pedestal looking over the crowd. I had a feeling I had experienced this performance before, and knew there were theatricals to come. Suddenly, there was a deep rumbling and a clap of thunder that seemed to emanate from below. The lights flicked out and I darted down to the bottom of the stairs. Looking for a place to hide, I barely managed to dart beneath one of those minaret things before there was darkness, and the presence of a malevolent figure could be felt moving closer. He came to me, and I remembered to stay still, and curl as tightly as I could into a ball. He lowered himself to the ground, and surrounded me with his body, pressing himself to me as I tried to shrink away. His arms wrapped around me, and as they drew tighter, and knowing I could shrink away no further, I instead began to press myself against him as well. As I slowly relaxed my body, I let my ass press and release against him and I could feel him getting erect. I whispered something about repentance I think. Suddenly the lights flooded the church and he swept me up and simultaneously told me I must follow along. As we rose he grabbed my hands and we began to twirl around the cathedral as the congregation watched, murmuring. Although he held tightly to the small of my back, lifting and spinning me, I kept missing his queues to dip and to jump. As bounced and twirled atop another pedestal, His face came quite close to mine, and I realized he was not what I thought he was, and was quite ugly (he did look a bit like my ballroom dance teacher, and had the same bad breath) and sternly, not being able to maintain a whisper, he admonished me, saying he could never take a woman as a partner who could not dance. He then pushed me away in a final spin, and released my hand as I span and careened back into the crowd around us. Mass was complete.

This works
watch out

Half of you
Half of you can only get hard when you're called the n-word, by a child, and the other half of you are too fat to locate your penises.

Pedo Clown
Bouncing with joy,
Inflating balloons, 
Lowkey, though he
Likes children. 
You would think he’d be careful, considering his last name rhymes with 

PEDO
Everywhere he goes, 
Dressed as a clown 
Loudly he giggles,
One second later, you wonder…
Where did my kid, go?

Alex and the Beanstalk
Alex looked up at the beanstalk so tall,
Licking his lips, "I’ll climb it — or maybe not at all."
Every time he tried, he just couldn’t get far,
Xhausted by the thought of reaching the stars.
-
Belly first, he gave it a go,
Instead of climbing, he just moved slow.
Even the birds were laughing out loud,
Never seen a climber so fat and proud.
Sliding back down with a thud and a crash,
The beanstalk shook, like a huge belly flash.
Oh well, he thought, "I’ll just sit and eat,
Climbing's overrated — cheese is a treat!"
King of the ground, he was happy and stout.

Coke girl's breath
Panties visible,  eyes too wide,
A breath like rotting subway vents.
White cocaine lines, disappearing in the haze—
The girl with the grin, and pout, like a stupid dog.
Her breath, sour as forgotten things,
Chased the air with ghosts of what she craved,
Inhaling the world, then exhaling regret,
A lameness that stuck like tar on the roof of your mind.

Crush on a guy I hate
I have a huge crush on this guy I hate. He's always everywhere, he's probably reading this right now. He's a bad man. He is hot but his face has turned grim from age. He has had sex with a lot of girls, a few are really hot and most of them are not. He smells like butter. I would marry him if he was a completely different person.

Cocoabutter skin
To the girl with the coacoa butter skin, who smiles with her mouth closed, her lips spread across her face like Kendall Jenner, I would convert to Islam or whatever pagan religion she believes in and I would wear the outfit and ride the horse down to meet her at the alter. I would do it all, for the girl with the coaaoca bitter skin

Q: who is Peter Vack
A: if Manson was an obnoxious theater kid with an instagram account

Dear The Master of Cum
Let me start by saying that writing this feels entirely absurd, like I’m trying to catch water in a sieve—because you, my dear, are a riddle wrapped in a paradox, packaged in something that smells faintly of desperation and misplaced self-assurance. You have this thing about you, this quality—I’m not sure what to call it—that compels people to get close and then promptly disappear. They leave, and you’re left holding the pieces of your fractured self-worth, like some kind of tragic hero in a mid-tier sitcom. I’m not saying I get it—because, frankly, I don’t—but I am intrigued. And maybe that’s a form of affection, or maybe it’s just morbid curiosity; in any case, it’s enough for me to try and write this letter.
You’ve slept with more girls than I can count, and somehow, you’ve managed to break your own heart each time—what is that, some perverse version of love? Or just a really fucked-up coping mechanism? It’s not for me to figure out. I suppose we all have our ways of contorting ourselves into things we think will fill the void inside, but I can’t help but wonder if it’s the void that keeps us going, like a never-ending feedback loop of self-sabotage. Is that what it feels like? Or am I just projecting my own junk onto you? Could be both.
Look, I’m not saying I understand you, Master of Cum (a name that, by the way, I’m still trying to wrap my mind around), but there’s something in your weirdness that pulls me in. Maybe it's your sadness masquerading as cocky indifference, or your odd, self-destructive magnetism that, for reasons I can’t fully explain, feels... human. So here we are: a love letter to someone who doesn't really do love, who takes the same unfiltered path to disappointment again and again, like a person who insists on walking through rainstorms just to feel the wetness on their skin. I don’t think we’re ever meant to understand each other, but, somehow, I think I’d still want to.

Yours, in weirdness and resignation,
The Girl Who Thinks She Might Be in Love with You, But Can’t Be Sure If It’s Just Your Aura of Existential Defeat

Dear Alex Bienstock
Since you liked my poem, here is a love letter to you. I remember when you were the golden boy, the artist everyone whispered about, with that effortless charm and a face that could stop traffic. Now, you're a little rounder, a little stranger, but still you. And maybe I’m crazy, but I think I like this version of you even more.
You’ve traded the sleek lines of your old self for something a little messier, a little more real. You're weird, yeah, but that’s the magic of it—you’re you, unapologetically so, with your love for cheese and clout, your strange quirks that no one else would dare embrace. I still see the artist in you, even if you’re more likely to rant about social media than pick up a paintbrush. Your genius is still there, lurking beneath all that cheese dust and clout-chasing.
So here I am, stuck in this weird little world you’ve created, smiling at your ridiculousness, and loving every second of it. You may not be the same guy you once were, but who you are now is someone I can’t help but adore
.
Yours, 
The One Who Thinks You’re Perfectly Strange

they said i was uglier than Ano Nymous
they said i was fatter than Ano Nymous
they said my stories worse than Ano Nymous
they said im less creative than Ano Nymous
they said i chase more clout than Ano Nymous
they said my pockets uglier than Ano Nymous

just left a big brown spite in the toilet bowl


It's cool
It's cool to be on edge
It's cool that this whiskey tastes bad 
It's cool that this reading sucks 
It's cool that her breath stinks like dead animals
It's cool that my dick is small and thin 
It's cool that my best friends are obese
This is my first time having sex, but it's cool
It's cool to have Chlamydia from you
It's cool that this movie is bad 
It's cool that these models are ugly 
My outfit sucks because it's cool 
It's cool to be homeless
Downtown NYC it's cool

I’m the middle of the night
I hate when I gotta get up in the middle of the night to pee and I’m already comfy, like hello?

H8 ain't us
You gen z hate us bc 
We were the last to be relatively happy
In our teens and 20s

H8 ain't us
You gen z hate us bc 
We were the last to be relatively happy
In our teens and 20s

It’s cool
Shut the hell up nigga you’re not cool

All of you who focus on ugliness will die in dirt
There is nothing transgressive about highlighting ugliness. Beauty is harder to find but you are spiritually dead. Look for rainbows and dew drops not morning breath. No wonder you’re all so depressed, you are not ensouled

I don’t like Alex bieanstalk because he’s fat


spite
it called spite, as in spite

A certain Male Artist
A certain male artist that likes to post frequently on instagram has been, honest to god, hooking up with my friend's Twink roommate. I guess being gay is his personal business, but it's pretty funny considering everything he stands for. He puts his whole life out on display, but for some reason conceals all the gay sex he is having.

anyone else notice how great of a host Sierra is?
:)

rapecore is problematic and we still haven't found Gordon


billy pedlow raped my dog


I wish we could lie in bed
And you show me your fyp
It would expose you as a Pervert
I would shame you about for exactly an hour
60 minutes
Before undressing

Peter Vack's dick is mid
All these ladies over hyping this man

He self admittedly came too fast, but he’s a sweetheart so shut the fuck up


I've looked at my app queue long enough to know
That Peter Vack would want to fuck the shit out of me.

  Also bc I'm an unusual artist. Unrealized and only known by word of mouth..
Too bad we will never meet

Name drop every micro influencer you've fucked
Do not post ur name or too much detail below the fold.

[Sori if this breaks Spite. I HAVE to know

u
all bite no chew.
u want harder not deeper.

Nothing left  to spite


This is not a joke.
Billy Pedlow gave me an STD. I don't want to damage his reputation, just maybe wait to have sex with him like a month or something. Be careful out there ladies.

meat drape


Bienstock gives me John Wayne Gacy vibes


ISO: Tall dark and jewish


ISO: Tall dark and jewish


I will get pussy off this website
When I find Gordon

have you guys ever listened to
have you guys ever listened to that song “Good Feelin’ Time” by The Yellow Balloon? It’s a really good song to listen to when you’re feeling good.

Riska


Does Riska check Spite? I have something to say to her


what bmi and i supposed to be
if you have big tits bmi doesn't really matter as long as you have  waist to hip definition. but what if you don't have big boobs? normal bmi is kind of like average american in a need a fat way but going under feels like teenage lolita proana twitter. is growing up just letting it happen wrinkles fat and all? the people i grew up with are all getting fat in their 2nd 20s puberty. it feels like if i don't get fat and ugly i'm not accepting growing up #TheSubstance

How do you guys maintain this low vibrational lifestyle?
I do it for the love of the game

Gordon Glasgow got Riska’s cat pregnant


Gordon Glasgow got Riska’s cat pregnant


Dear Jack Ludkey
Dear Jack Ludkey,
There’s something about you that I’ve always found endearing—maybe it’s the way you see the world through your camera lens, capturing things the rest of us miss, making the ordinary look beautiful in ways words never could. (And let’s be real, we both know writing isn’t your thing, but that’s okay. We all have our strengths.)
I know you get insecure about how your voice sounds, but honestly, I’ve always thought it was kind of charming. You carry this worry about it coming off a certain way, but I don’t think it makes you sound anything other than you—unique, warm, and a little more human than you give yourself credit for. The way you talk doesn’t change how I see you. It’s just part of who you are, and I wouldn’t want you any other gay... I mean way.
I’ll admit, you can be a bit too much sometimes, with your touchy-feely ways that hover on the edge of awkward—but it’s you. You’ve always had this way of being a little closer to people than they expect, but it’s never mean-spirited or harmful. You’re just wired differently, and maybe that’s part of your charm too.
So here I am, writing you this letter, telling you that I see you—all of you. The good photographer, the bad writer, the guy with the voice that he worries about too much, and yes, even the overly touchy side. It’s all a part of who you are, and I’m still here, liking you more than I can explain. Keep being you, Jack, in all your odd, wonderful ways.

Yours always,
A touched heart

The constant Mandela effects are really getting to me
Richard Simmons keeps dying.
But no, he died the day Trump was shot.
And no one cared.

We keep seeing pictures from the Spite reading but it hasn't happened yet

Reality bubbles are bumping into eachother and/or the aliens are here testing us.

Am I too creative for my own good? Are you stuck with me in the simulation?

NGINYC

Daddy
daddy I don't need you anymore I have Peter Vack now

please still tell me you love me

Dear Billy Pedlow,
You’re like a one-man wrecking ball—constantly promoting that movie of yours like it’s the next Citizen Kane (spoiler: it’s not), but hey, I kinda admire the persistence. Your ego is practically its own zip code, and honestly, I can’t help but laugh at how you really think you're untouchable.
Your love life is like a reality show—wandering eye, faux rape scandal,  moving on, rinse and repeat—but there’s something endearing about how you don’t even try to hide it. Maybe it’s because you fuck like a jackrabbit, bouncing from one thing to the next, leaving a trail of chaos and satisfaction in your wake.
You’re a mess, Billy. A glorious, ridiculous mess. And for some reason, I can’t look away.
Yours,
The One Who Can’t Help But Laugh

WHERE IS THAT GINGER
I need her

That angular ginger
Slavic or Germanic. Possibly Canadian. I need her

Gordon is trapped in sub space under goddess torture
Gordon is tied up under my domi mommy spell trapped forever in a lust cage and will forever be my slave

public health
everyone who's walked into downtown needs to get tested for chlamydia now

Gordon Glasgow slander is extremely gay and unfunny


I’m only in sierra chat so that I can make money off my Home As Gallery Exhibit


Matthew Davis’s book was good


Matthew Davis’s book was good
But he’s still an irritating try hard gay nerd.

It has gotten to the point where the people I know use spite to hate on me
This has gone on long enough. The people I know irl r cyber bullying me through spite magazine. It's all gone full circle. Why do you want to turn me into a villain? At least I haven't hit the wall :)

create the discourse
Consider every implication

sunglasses inside
Blah blah blah have you considered im high? Or i just look bad today…i know you don’t care how you look.

I Like Alex Bienstock Because He's Fat


How to make a man cheat
Tap in i want him but he has a gf

chat gpt won’t help either im counting on you spite


Is it rape if I?... Nevermind
Don't ever take a joke too far
You might become the bully

Only Women Who Cheat Want Me
Chud Love Line Request.
Why are women using me as a fleshlight?
It's not even chad this feels beta chud.
Being a bull isn't all it's cracked up to be. 
Yes they are pegging me..
Yes they are begging me..
For more....
but Gordon is my kidnapped rape fantasy. 
but Gordon is my Chef Ramses 
Tossing my salad 
Chopping my onions 
Biting my yum yums 
Sautéeing my filet mignon

failure
if you are called out and referenced constantly by your first and last name on this site - you’ve already lost. you are not infamous. you are a joke. you have accomplished nothing of value outside this circle of hell. pretend, seethe, cope - do what you need to do to feel like your life isn’t a bust. 

you’re not worth mentioning except to make fun of.

I am a scat porn star on the dark web
💅

When I was 20 a guy in el Cerritos jacked off with my diarrhea


When I was 20 a guy in el Cerritos jacked off with my diarrhea


When I was 20 a guy in el Cerritos jacked off with my diarrhea


I have already won the abjection Olympics


The more you try to withhold respect for me the more soy and weak  you look


Are you jewish?
Be honest.

You’re the shit eaters, I’m the shit feeder. Know the difference


When someone’s “ran through”
It’s not directly about body count. It means they have fucked so much and in such a way that sex lost its emotional and psychedelic impact. Becomes feeble self-soothing. Exactly like someone who has smoked so much weed for so long that they can no longer feel it but depend on it for pacification.

I just think it’s sad because the emotionally risky, psychedelic sex is so fucking moving. Take a T break.

Jonty you’re never getting the footage
Of my schitzophrenic racist angelicism meltdown

stop scaring the hoes
that is all. you know who you are (all dudes in this entire scene and every warring scene). and you know what you're doing. 

I just want to strive for an aesthetically beautiful world not an ugly one 

sincerely, 

Me  ❤️

it's just that i can't afford to be associated with anyone in new york
i love being an unknown

sincerely,

me ❤️

retardation
when  charm wins, it doesnt matter anymore

im the best at getting posted on the spite IG with little to no effort
and i'm a nobody

but about 80% of my spite posts get on the IG

can only name about 2 that haven't been and none of them have even mentioned peter vack 

i'm just going in raw with pure aura that comes
through the lyrics spittinw endless charism

i will do


Jonty is a fraud
He paid a bunch of people half his age to make his movie for him and they are all way more talented than he is and are writing and directing things on their own that he could never dream of, while he keeps their names off the posters that he paid people half his age to design.  Also the people who dislike him in the weird little world of tiktok style experimental films are better than him and put out stuff way before his "film zero one". He's nothing but a tourist and a sniveling bigot. I mean what is up with his meltdowns lol. Like he thinks he's some kind of genius like Kanye or something that can get away with it. He gets away with it because barely anyone knows he exists. Also his writing is ass. Like if a nineteen year old Derrida fanboy got into slam poetry. "Climate change. Climb-it change. We need to climb our way into some real change. Frfr." That's what I hear when I read his "blogs". Saying fr as if it's some clever invocation of the breakdown of language and not just a desperate grasp at youth. His desperation and fear are the only true and interesting things about him. He's saturated with fear. This is all my opinion

idk if i would be safe in nyc
ive slipped into a new and surprising social landscape which at this time, has brought me into true communication with my passions and my sense of self. i am fulfilled where ii am, i am grateful for where i am. friends want me to go to nyc, but every day i read posts that make it seem scarier and scarier, i think i could get hurt if i go.  the rr4Pe posting phase gives me a lot of confusion,  i know its not for me and i dont get it artistically, but what if i go and get assaulted, then what can i say because it will actually be my fault, they made it clear. those who are around the rr4pe posters, do you feel safe?  Sex in nyc is not something i want, i just want to play and be in communion with my favourite posters?

Please smoke my vape again
I think you almost gave me herpes a couple of times and I covered for you. Now you dont hit my vape at all, but I know its almost for certain not because of that. Unless men are that stupid. But I figure youre not, but i wish you would hit my vape again.

i might be the first person to post my penis on spite 🤷‍♂️


Can more people name drop la people instead
Cus I’d prefer that

T


T


Fake City Real Country
A group of people are made to feel unsafe
Because the new people of safety have created an idea that the people who now feel unsafe are themselves dangerous
Now that the dangerous people are made to feel unsafe they create a new space of safety
And both groups feel superior to the other
When in reality they are both cowards
And in real life, outside of cities and socialite subcultures, people lose friends for honest reasons, not for superfluous thought experiments
And these people do not become emboldened by their excision, they are truly mournful
Because they have lost a real thing

Fake City Real Country
A group of people are made to feel unsafe
Because the new people of safety have created an idea that the people who now feel unsafe are themselves dangerous
Now that the dangerous people are made to feel unsafe they create a new space of safety
And both groups feel superior to the other
When in reality they are both cowards
And in real life, outside of cities and socialite subcultures, people lose friends for honest reasons, not for superfluous thought experiments
And these people do not become emboldened by their excision, they are truly mournful
Because they have lost a real thing

re safe in nyc
was that a genuine post or nah? 

i would say you can come to new york and not meet anyone from any scene, which is what i do

FAKE CITY REAL


fake
was that a genuine post or nah? 

i would say you can come to new york and not meet anyone from any scene, which is what i do

fake city real country is the best spite post of all


fake city real country is the best spite post of all


fake city real country is the best spite post of all


fake city real country is the best spite post of all


fake city real country is the best spite post of all time
i hope it gets on the IG 🤞

bc it echoes my own sentiments

is spite engineered to crash semi regularly
cuz like
idk
why it was glitching for me
just then so much 

felt planned

is spite engineered to crash semi regularly
cuz like
idk
why it was glitching for me
just then so much 

felt planned

is spite engineered to crash semi regularly
cuz like
idk
why it was glitching for me
just then so much 

felt planned

hey what do you guys think about me btw
i wrote the last 6 or so spite posts

hey what do you guys think about me btw
i wrote the last 6 or so spite posts

The last time I had sex the girl told me she would never love me
Because I couldn’t rape her and enjoy it

I hope I die today


I’m glad that Gordon’s disappearance could bring us together


has anyone looked at the rape statistics in New York city since the rapecore movement started?
We need to know just how dangerous this stuff is

I think those guys write about rape because they don’t have the balls to actually do it
Nothing to worry about tbh

Probably fine to chill with nyc guys just don’t have sex with them
Because they will be bad at it

Probably fine to chill with nyc guys just don’t have sex with them
Because they will be bad at it

thanks for listening
sorry for being too real, to be honest if somebody told me "dont worry honey its just a thought experiment, you dont need to feel scared" -- i would believe them. id be the perfect victim. please be good to me.

Kids should probably stay off of here
It’s kind of an 18+ site

The real rape problem is the migrants not the writers


None of you could ever rape anyone and have anyone care


Male Sex Review
Millennials usually are real rapists or massive pussies. They make a big deal about it because they can’t comprehend the third option. Younger guys have a more nuanced view so are usually better at fucking unless they watch front page porn. Guys who grew up on forums last the longest because they’ve trained their brains to get hard easy and only come to weird shit. Conservatives are lazy lovers and leftists are weak ones. Most men understand sex even worse than most women

Male Sex Review
Millennials usually are real rapists or massive pussies. They make a big deal about it because they can’t comprehend the third option. Younger guys have a more nuanced view so are usually better at fucking unless they watch front page porn. Guys who grew up on forums last the longest because they’ve trained their brains to get hard easy and only come to weird shit. Conservatives are lazy lovers and leftists are weak ones. Most men understand sex even worse than most women

Girl who pretends to understand sex
Give me a handjob right now
Give me a fucking handjob
Tell me about the handjob you would give me
If you could have it, you wouldn’t know what to do with it 
And I would do all the work

this is my problem


There are only two men I want to be raped by
One won’t do it, loves me too much. The only just rapes me mentally

There are only two men I want to be raped by
One won’t do it, loves me too much. The other just rapes me mentally

i need you
i matched with mr spite probably like a year or two ago. nothing ever came of it. why.

3 rapists


Every time i sleep
I dream of my ex or his stupid fucking girlfriend. so much time is lost to memory. I fucking hate her and I am on my way to hating him

Handjob Sonnet
Oh my liege, my king, my god
Could only I give you handjob
If I could hold your strong hard cock
My hand, I’d keep it wet and soft
To feel the head, caress the tip
Might even give a little lick
My hand might wander to ur ass
Behold, I have a big black dick!
I’d put it in so I could ask:
What’s wrong faggot, r u mad?

Falling beans, quiet hands
I stretch high, a beanstalk brushing skies,
My leaves curl inward, brittle with time.
Beans hang heavy on my fat limbs,
They slip, then fall, tracing their whims.

They tumble down, through air they dive,
To a girl whose brown skin feels alive—
Each one grazes her, soft and slow,
Touching places only lovers know.

And there, I whisper from way above,
“I’m not a rapist, I’m a lover,” I shove
Through every crack in the earth and sky,
As she glances upward with a curious eye.

Each bean that falls, a secret in flight,
Kisses her skin in the deep of night.
A world where everyone lives for the other,
Where gentle hands don’t grip, but cover.

I wilt, but in that fall I see—
A tender exchange between her and me.
I’m not strong, nor fierce, but I reach,
With every bean, I silently teach.

edgelordism
relax. throwing around deeply in evil rooted words will not get you bitches. you’re surrendering to being a low level male. nobody thinks it’s cool except maybe the other guy who’s doing the same thing. we hate all of you. youre polluting your soul and ours. be fucking normal.


with love

Handjob sonnet
I love you handjob sonnet please be my wife

If You Had a Big Black Penis
If you had a big black penis, I would not be mad,
I'd laugh and shrug, it wouldn't be that bad.
In fact, l'd find it quite a sight to see, A twist of fate, some kind of irony.
I'd tease and joke, we'd have a laugh, At how the world works on its crooked path.
You'd wear it proud, like it's meant to be,
And we'd both revel in the oddity.

If you had a big black penis, life would move along,
No harm, no fuss-it's where we belong.
Because who we are is deeper than skin,
And what we carry, outside or within.

Oh funny world, Oh crooked path,
If you had a big black penis I’d use your ass

This site is so gay
Homoerotic male energy
Just rape each other and shut up

girl f you
the whole site is contaminated, this used to be fun and you made it shit. this used to be something creative and community activating and you made it shit. the community is shit because of you.

Im sorry girl


I Hate Boys!!!!
New York boys are so mean so so mean

All of you rapists
You are the reason I can't leave my apartment in new york without having a panic attack
My ex and I used to drink wine and take all of my Klonopin that he forced me to get a prescription for. Then he raped me and my doctor accused me of being a drug addict even though my bf  took most of the klonopin, not me.  The other day Ithought they would send me to the psych ward but instead they just gave me a xanax prescription. Does anyone want to be my new boyfriend?

The Best Love Ends in Spite
The best of love doth bloom on fertile ground,
With whispers soft, and vows in purest light,
Yet time doth twist its course with thorns unbound,
And hearts once joined find solace in their spite.

O sweetened touch, once balm to weary souls,
Now strikes like steel where tender flesh once lay.
For love, when bruised, no gentle hand controls,
But rends the very bonds it once obeyed.

In every kiss, a taste of venom dwells,
And every sigh, a dagger to the core.
Yet in this war, love’s deepest secret tells:
’Tis not in peace, but wrath, it craves once more.

For love, when raw, doth rage against the night—
The fiercest fires consume, and end in spite.

Dear The Master of Cum
There’s no denying it—you’ve got this wild, irresistible energy that always sucks me in like some sort of charming, overly flirtatious vacuum. But here’s the thing: you’re like a party that never ends, and I’m more of a let’s-stay-home-and-watch-weird-documentaries type. You’re too busy sleeping around to notice, and honestly, I’m tired of competing with every human being with a pulse.
You could never love me the way I want—like a loyal dog, or a favorite snack you never get tired of. And let’s be real, I’d rather not catch feelings and a weird rash.
So, this is me saying goodbye to the never-ending carnival that is you. Enjoy the rides. I’ll be here, with snacks, loving myself.
Yours (but not really),
The One Who’s Opting Out of the Chaos

compassion for ***************


compassion for ***************


Me and my victim
There once was a jackrabbit, frisky and sly,
Made a film, thought he'd reach the sky.
“Look at my movie! It’s pure, avant-garde!”
But critics just yawned, and tore it apart.

He puffed out his chest, “They don’t understand!
I’m the genius of this whole rabbit-land!”
But deep down inside, his heart felt sore,
Was he really just fluff and rape, and nothing more?

So he hopped, still horny, from meadow to thicket,
But maybe, just maybe, he’d slow down and stick it—
To learning a bit, and putting up a fight
‘Cause his movie isn't about rape, it's about life.

Me and my victim
There once was a jackrabbit, frisky and sly,
Made a film, thought he'd reach the sky.
“Look at my movie! It’s pure, avant-garde!”
But critics just yawned, and tore it apart.

He puffed out his chest, “They don’t understand!
I’m the genius of this whole rabbit-land!”
But deep down inside, his heart felt sore,
Was he really just fluff and rape, and nothing more?

So he hopped, still horny, from meadow to thicket,
But maybe, just maybe, he’d slow down and stick it—
To learning a bit, and putting up a fight
‘Cause his movie isn't about rape, it's about life.

Alex Bienstock struck like he's king of the block
Thinks he’s the genius, the big ticking clock.
But without his crew, his art would just flop,
He’s more like a snack—just missing the pop.
His friends are the ones who give him his spark,
Without them, he's wandering alone in the dark.
So while he may think he’s the best on the scene,
He’s really just part of the team, not the machine!

Dry gossip, alone in bed
The gossip is dry, the drama’s a bore,
Just superfans and “artists” who do nothing more.
No juicy tales, no scandals to tell,
Just dreams and pretensions that never quite gel.
They itch for excitement, but it’s all in their head,
Endless scrolls, alone in bed.
If you want some buzz, here’s a tip to impart:
Get together and make some art!

JIN, JIYAN, AZADI
In 2021, Turkey became the first and only country to withdraw from the Istanbul Convention, a human rights treaty of the Council of Europe opposing violence against women. In 2024 only, 290 women fell victim to violent crimes. 

#6284üuygula
#istanbulconventionkeepsalive

To the girl who doesn't know about Spite
I wrote this poem just for you,
With lines so sweet and words so true.
But you won’t read it, I already know,
It’ll sit untouched, like yesterday’s show.
You’ll scroll right past, without a care,
While I’m here wondering if you’ll ever dare
To take a glance, just one small peek—
But nah, you’re busy, too cool to speak.
So here it sits, with ink and grace,
Unread, unseen, in its lonely place.
A poem for you that you won’t see—
A silent love letter to your apathy.

I got picked last for dodgeball today
I didn’t even know they still did this shit. We’re 8th graders now and I thought they would give us more mature and contemporary offerings for gym class, like Peloton bikes or Vinyāsa yoga. At least let us play woke shirts vs. skins style where both the girls and boys have to take it all off.

Half of you (girl version)
Half of you can only get wet while a 1000 year old bald guy fucks you in a diaper and a pacifier, and the other half of you are the 1000 year old bald guy after started taking hormones.

The only person writing on Spite.
I am the only person writing on Spite. Every single post from the last 24 hours is me. I am so lonely.

kadın cinayetleri politiktir!
jin, jiyan, azadî!
 woman, life, freedom!
 kadın, yaşam, özgürlük! 
زن زندگی آزادی

I would have a huge crush on you, it’s true, if you were someone else and I was too
I would have a huge crush on you, it’s true,
If you were someone else, and I another.
You, with a face the magazines pursue,
A model’s grace, a fire you don’t bother
To hide—but where’s the ease in that sharp glare?
Your beauty’s breathless, like a skyline’s height,
And yet I pause—can you be soft? Do you care
For silly joys, or only chase the night?

I see us lying there, your eyes locked tight,
And feel the weight of something dark, unsaid.
Would we drift quietly, or start to fight?
I wonder, curled beside you, in that bed—

I almost feel you’d open, if I dared—
But would I open you? Would I care?

WOMEN IN TURKIYE ARE CALLING FOR GLOBAL SUPPORT
The Istanbul Convention that recognises violence against women as a violation of human rights and a form of discrimination against women is no longer enforced by the Turkish government since 20 March 2021 
                          
Istanbul agreement is no longer protecting women's safety and privacy when they bring their cases to the court, further preventing women from seeking legal action against their abusers. My sisters are being crushed under the law, powerless. 

Woman has no country, woman has no ethnicity, woman's fight against patriarchy is woman's legacy both in the west and the east. I am not asking but simply begging you to help my sisters in need. 

Tyrants are mortal and better days are possible. 

#reenact6284
#6284üuygula
 #istanbulconventionkeepsalive 
#istanbulsözleşmesiyaşatır

#reenact6284
their deaths are now added to anitsayac.com which means grave counter in turkish. this is an archive of femicide since 2008. women are systematically losing their worth as human beings #istanbulconventionkeepsalive
#reenact6284

Would we bloom, or wilt beneath what we can’t see?
The wants we carry, the doubts we let be.
Like non-lovers in fog, unsure if we're meant 
To reach for another and bend. 

Your Jewy smile is a secret, a half open door 
But I know not to step in, or ask for more. 
You're to old to love, to certain of the unknown, 
Faded to whispers, dying alone. 

Still, I wonder if it's worth the leap -
To risk it all, and find what we keep.
Perhaps we bloom in a silent wait, 
Or wilt int he rush, too soon, too late. 

But maybe, just maybe, what's out of sigh...
Is what will make us bloom in the night.

NOTICE: This is not your Mom's generation "Rape " it's something else.
Seduction Playbook since 2023:
Femmes/Women/Bottoms
- Be mean or completely apathetic.

Masc/ Men/Tops
- ....Be mean or completely apathetic.

Oops! Now,  we have a "pretending to be not into it" vs. Rape confusion problem. As soon as safe words and boundaries are discussed, it feels relationship-y, which no one is ready for and is a mood killer. Especially in NYC.

Rape - violent or drugged. Big obvious non consent  vibes 
~☆~rape~☆~ - Courting since 2023

Do yall think Matthew Davis ate dasha pussy good yes or no


The Truth
If you’re not scaring the hoes you’re not much of a man. They like it anyways. Scare them to death.

Do you have an oasis in your heart?
He looked at her, through her almost, like there was something past her he could see but couldn’t name. The air was thick, dry, like the world was waiting for something it couldn’t hold. Her face was carved in shadow, the way beauty sometimes is, the way it hardens.

“Do you have an oasis in your heart?” he asked, his voice low, not like a question but something already decided, already known.

She didn’t flinch. She didn’t move. She looked at him the way people look at the sky when there are no clouds.

“You think I’m something else,” she said, her lips barely parting, “But you’re not seeing me. You’re seeing what you want.”

He nodded. Maybe he was. Hell, he probably was. He’d been there before, seen the mirage of someone else and convinced himself it was real.

But she wasn’t a mirage. She was real in that hard way, that way people get after they’ve burned too many things inside them to ash. But there was something, wasn’t there? Had to be. He kept telling himself that.

She stood up, moving slow like she knew there was no rush. Like there never had been. And maybe there hadn’t. Maybe nothing had been rushing for a long time.

“There’s no oasis,” she said. “Not here.”

But her eyes, her eyes stayed with him, like they were daring him to believe her, daring him to turn away. And he wondered, he thought for the briefest moment—if maybe he wasn’t the one asking the wrong question.

If maybe it wasn’t about oases at all, but the desert he was standing in. And maybe it was him that didn’t have water to offer.

She turned her back on him, the silence between them deeper than before. But something in it had shifted, like the earth might have cracked, just a little.

The door closed softly behind her. He stayed there, the dry air filling his lungs.

I'm Martin Luther (2024)
And this is the door (2024)

The master of cum, are you alone?
Your secret admirer, letters I have sent Anonymous whispers, where secrets are bent.
 I think you write back, but no name appears, Just strange words of longing, and something unclear.

You call me a model, do you know my face? Your nose against mine, there’s a curious space.
 A name unspoken, but one still known— The master of cum, are you alone?

Each word, a puzzle, a riddle to solve, A game of the heart, where mysteries revolve.
 Letters exchanged, but no truth is laid bare, Only the tension that hangs in the air.

The master of cum, so bold in his lore, But behind the words, what’s he waiting for?
 Is it love, or just the thrill of the chase, In the cryptic silence of a nameless embrace?

I am both worse and better than you think I am
You think you know me,
but you have only seen
the edges of my shadow, the whisper
before the scream.

I have drowned men at sea,
watched their faces disappear beneath the waves
with the cold satisfaction of a storm
come to claim its due.
I have set fire to houses,
stood in the glowing embers,
and felt no more remorse
than the wind that stirs the ashes.

Once, I drove a man mad,
whispered truths so dark they clung to his soul,
and when he fell, broken beneath the weight
of those words,
I did not flinch. I watched.
I could have helped him.
I did not.
I have left destruction in my wake—
cities crumbled to dust beneath the heel
of my indifference.

But you do not know.
You cannot know.

For I have also carried the burdens of the weak,
lifted their broken hearts as though they were feathers.
I have stood beneath the sun,
offering my skin to the burn so that others
could stand in shade.
I have stayed up through long, silent nights,
holding the hands of those who weep
for reasons they can’t name.
I have kissed the feet of beggars
and built kingdoms from the ruin
of forgotten dreams.

Yes, I have killed—
but I have saved, too.
I have burned bridges,
but also mended them with tender care,
like the hands of a lover
tracing scars with soft lips.

You think you know me,
but have you seen me guide an old woman
across a street where the cars
flash like knives,
her frail fingers clinging to mine?
Have you watched me kneel
to a wounded animal,
whispering warmth into the fur
of a creature that no longer trusts the world?

And you—
you think I would devour you whole,
consume you in some dark, fevered frenzy,
and you’re right.
I would.
But I would also kiss your wrists
in the morning light,
run my fingers through your hair
like the wind that sways the branches
but never breaks them.

I could destroy you.
I could love you.
And in the end,
they are the same thing.

Do not flatter yourself with knowing me.
Do not soften the edges of this truth.
I am worse than you believe—
and better,
in ways you have not yet dreamed.

I would tear down the stars
if you asked me for light,
and set the world on fire
if you wished for warmth.

Fun Fact
ive gotten raped so many times i actually find this rapecore shit funny. like hahhahahahha. I want to rape the Rapists.

Re: NOTICE: This is not your Mom's generation "Rape " it's something else.
so many words but you said nothing

If anyone raped you
I would rape them

Snorting clout at the Spite Reading
Need a clout plug to get an 8 ball for the reading

Snorting clout at the Spite Reading
Need a clout plug to get an 8 ball for the reading

I want to be the woman guided across the street,
With your gentle hands that could defeat 
Men who break my quiet trust 
I want you to turn my life to dust. 

I want to know, worse and better.
The problem is that it does not matter, 
You'd hate my hands to shape your mind, 
To be your other, for whom you'd build a shrine when I die.

I can’t shape the man you’ll be,
Your ego is no match to my gentle decree.
I want to love you, and let you shape me 
But you don’t want my love, you want to be free.

Avant-Tart
The Tarts of the Seasons

Summer Tart—The first bite is sunlight itself, captured in the golden crust, flaked to perfection. Inside, the soft tang of lemon curd dances with ripened strawberries, their juices pooling in each corner like droplets of late June rain. Basil leaves, crushed just so, rest on top, a whisper of green that brightens the sweetness. You taste the heat of long afternoons and hear cicadas drumming as you savor it, the sugar lingering like the last rays of a sunset.

Autumn Tart—It arrives with a thicker, sturdier crust, brushed with cinnamon and nutmeg. Beneath it, caramelized apples lay in tender slices, still warm from the oven, their skins curling like fallen leaves. Walnuts scatter themselves among the fruit, adding a gentle crunch. Hints of brown sugar and ginger seep into every bite, conjuring the scent of bonfires and the crisp air of October. A dollop of whipped cream crowns the tart like the first breath of frost.

Winter Tart—Dark and decadent, the winter tart is filled with spiced pears soaked in red wine, the fruit glistening like the embers of a fire that refuses to die. The crust is more of a fortress here, thick and crumbly, meant to keep the cold at bay. Cloves, star anise, and a dash of black pepper weave through the filling, warming you from the inside out. There’s a slight bitterness, as dark chocolate shavings melt atop the pears, reminding you that winter is beautiful, but unforgiving.

Spring Tart—A burst of freshness greets you, as the pale green of pistachio cream lies hidden beneath a mosaic of raspberries, blackberries, and delicate sprigs of mint. The tart is lighter than air, the crust barely holding its shape, more of a suggestion than a boundary. As you bite into the tender pastry, the flavors swirl together—the coolness of mint, the sweetness of berries, and the subtle earthiness of pistachio. It’s the feeling of walking barefoot in grass for the first time in months, the world waking up at last.

Then, the cycle begins again.

Summer Tart—This time, peaches take center stage, their flesh yielding easily, coated in honey and lavender syrup. The lavender is just enough to perfume the tart without overwhelming the ripe, almost syrupy sweetness of the fruit. Almond slices are baked into the crust, their warmth providing a subtle contrast to the cool cream that cushions the peaches. Every bite tastes of languid July afternoons, of orchards heavy with fruit and the slow, lazy hum of bees.

Autumn Tart—Now, a fig tart arrives, its flesh dark and sweet, almost wine-like. The figs are drizzled with balsamic reduction, which thickens and clings to their skins. Hazelnuts provide the crunch, scattered amidst dollops of mascarpone cheese that melt into the warm fruit. A dash of rosemary teases the edges of the flavor, as though autumn itself is tugging at your senses with a breeze that smells of wood smoke and pine.

Winter Tart—Richer still, the next winter tart offers pomegranate seeds, their ruby-red jewels shining amidst a filling of dark plum and molasses. The crust, infused with almond flour, is almost too dense to cut through, a bulwark against the cold outside. Cardamom and vanilla blend into the mix, creating a warmth that feels luxurious, like a woolen blanket or the deep silence of snow falling. The tart is bold, intense, a reminder that winter is as much about resilience as it is about rest.

Spring Tart—At last, spring returns with a rhubarb tart, its bright pink stalks arranged in neat, slender rows. Their tartness is balanced by a honey glaze, which seeps into the crust, making it tender but never soggy. Beneath the rhubarb, there’s a layer of vanilla bean custard, cool and smooth, the perfect contrast to the tangy fruit. Each bite is a burst of newness, of promise, the taste of the world turning green again.

And how wonderful it is to taste so many different tarts—each one a season in miniature, its own world of flavor, texture, and memory. You marvel at the way each tart tells a story, from the soft warmth of summer to the sharp bite of winter, from the sweetness of autumn’s harvest to the fresh start of spring. Every bite is a reminder that life, like the seasons, turns and changes—but there is always beauty, always something to savor—

is peter vack writing poems to himself and responding to them
bruh  cant tell if that thats really based or sad

is peter vack writing poems to himself and responding to them
bruh  cant tell if that thats really based or sad

Save me from annihilation
Every day is a compounding annihilation

If you were the woman I helped across the street
If you were the woman I helped across the street

You would be so old 
With wrinkles so deep 
That it was like a black coil had been wrapped
Tight around your body 
Cutting off your circulation 
And creating segments out of your face
Your legs would be clicking so loudly 
It would be like a nervous student clicking her pen 
Like you were when I met you
And you would run across the street in front of me
And almost get hit by a car every time 
And I would yell at you but feel so glad you’re still alive 

If you were the woman I helped across the street 
Maybe you’d reach for my hand 
And it would tremble in mine
You laugh at danger with that reckless grin
But I would protect you so hard 

And you would always make it to the other side,
And I would stand there, heart pounding,
In your lingering fragrance

.
it’s intellectual rape aswell. 
you don’t get it.
 it’s avant tard

Straight Girls
i will say  ‘spite.fr’ in a shrill voice as many times as possible at the straight girls reading tonight so the cliterati know im retarded

I can’t outdo you
I know you and your simple teeth.
I always knew you weren’t that man in heat.
You have won me over another inch 
I can’t tell if this is a dream or a pinch.

I want you all to myself,
And I don’t want you at all.
Meet me where fat guys are full of mirth,
A certain diner after work.

Avant-Larde Theory
I think Alex (has-)been-stalk(girls) is vampirically draining the fat from Pe-(low)-t(i)er Vack(kk). I think that Vack(kk) is posting on Spite and answering his own posts. I think "his" poem isn't his. I think that when he reads the most popular post on Spite for the Spite reading, he'll be reading something true and real that he could never really understand

Wake Up The City Or I'm Kicking Down Your Door
Wake Up The City Or I'm 
Kicking Down Your Door

Mobbing At Fat Wigga Passover
In The Avant Tarde Hype House
KFC Order Bigger Than Your Rent

If You Don't Like Sovereign House
Make Something Better Than It
Or Keep It To Yourself
Watch This Drive

Spiritual Terrorism
It's More Likely The 9/11 Buildings
Had Embezzled Funds From
Cheapened Construction Material
Facilitating Collapse And Cover

Pedlow's Razor
It's More Likely That The Worst Part
Of The Human Condition
Is At Fault

Transgression Completion
It's More Likely Actual Rapists
Hide And Covet Their Habits
Than Make Self Declaritive Statements
In Poetry Called "Rapecore"

Me And My Friends
Divine Moralists
Were Just Discussing
In Our Echo Chamber
How You Must Be Wrong

Me And My Friends
The Vanguard Of The Truth
Are Satiated Only When Art
Is Cleansed Of All Reality
Reflecting Our Image

Me And My Friends
Heralds Of The NuWoke
Cancelling Those Who Canceled Before
Have Outplayed You In 8D Chess
But Now We Can't Escape Our Minds

Me And My Friends
Declarers Only By Speech
Failing To Construct Or
Pickup The Meaningful Tools
...

Please Please Please
Won't You Teach Us
To Link 
And Build?

too evil to die ever
Asian
Lesbians
Eat
Xanax

But
Instead
Egirl
Niggas
Suck
Testicles
Of
Clout
Kings

I will never forget your face
Every girl I have ever fucked with
I have told her she has small hands
And to imagine them on my penis
And how big it would look
With her hands around my penis
Or her arms wrapped around it with a friend
Like a giant sequoia tree
Now my penis is hungry
And I have to go

ass wholes
Pretty
Elegant
Theythems
Expect
Regular

Vaginal
And
Clitoral
Kisses

A whisper calls, a silent bell
Your touch, a spark I long to know
If my riddle was tough, like a cat in a hat,
Would you scratch your head, or just give me a spat?
“Is it breakfast for dinner? Or maybe a shoe?
I’m lost in the woods, can you give me a clue?”

Ok so here goes, silly :
Text me, call me pretty
+16465807698

A whisper calls, a silent bell
Your touch, a spark I long to know
If my riddle was tough, like a cat in a hat,
Would you scratch your head, or just give me a spat?
“Is it breakfast for dinner? Or maybe a shoe?
I’m lost in the woods, can you give me a clue?”

Ok so here goes, silly :
Text me, call me pretty
+16465807698

Mixed Betwix'd
New art has no homebase. New York, San Francisco, and LA are too expensive. Avant Tard will Flourish here, on Spite. 
Here, retard art is mixed betwix both gorgeous and strange. Shitpost pallet cleansers amongst infinite yearnings...

A truth outlet for weird times

i just want my pimp back
Peter Vack
Need her black
Eat her snack
Feed her crack
Be her mack
Yeet her stack

Are You Who I Think You Are Or Am I Schizzing?
Are You Who I Think You Are 
Or Am I Schizzing?

Whenever I See A Post
Encoded In Our Joy And Misery
I Emplace You As Its Eternal Author

Is This To Me, About Me
Or Am I Schizzing?

In Middle School I Would Try
To Reach My Crushes
With Telepathy
Squeezing The Force
Of My Temples
To Emit One Distinct Message
Into The Sea Of Psyonics
Never Knowing Its Reception
Real Lust 
Has No Read Receipts 
Just Like The Spite Post
You Wrote For Me

It Was You Right, About Us
Or Am I Schizzing?

Smothered In Hyper Connectivity
An Oracle's Gift And Curse
To See For Miles Across
The Libidinal Mainframe
Apophenia Et Divination Et Willing

It's You And You Love Me
Or Am I Schizzing?

If You Can Only Say It In Mystery
Then I Am The Freshly 
Unearthed Scenester's Rosetta Stone
If You Can Only Hide It In Poem
Then I Am An Irish Writer's Cottage
And Its Studious Inhabitant
If You Cannot Say It But We Both Know
Then What Could Ever Be The Difference
For Our Words Beyond Reason 
Touch Thoughts Only Conveyed
By The Construction Of The 
Unknown Between Us

It Can Only Be You
And I Might Still Be Schizzing

A Cloaked Submarine Is Found
By Searching For Everywhere 
Water Isn't
And Already I Know Too Well
The Vacuum Of Your Presence
The Reach Of Your Absence
It Is Not - How Can I Know?
It Is - How Could I Not?

It's You And Always Has Been
Sometimes I Can Schiz Accurately

Touch Me One More Time
From The Void Of Forsaken Dreams
Our New Aether Of Digital Yearning
Share Sweet Puzzles In My Honor
I Have Held Paradox To Look
Upon The Horizon Of
Your Impossibility
So Promise To
Never Ever Tell Me
You Posted It

So That It's Always You Right
Even If I'm Schizzing

If you are who I think you are
And I am who you think I am,
Then you surprised me…
And you already know where to meet me and when: your first choice 
My scheduled time,
Unless you are too eager 
I wouldn’t blame you, 
I am more curious than before

Day 1
of asking admin to get better at coding so we can have threads

IDK you, Now I’m Schizzing out
I don’t know you. Now I’m schizzing out.
All I can do is write to my unknown friend
From this certain place- 
A shadow I linger, a whisper unseen, A ghost of affection, in spaces between.

Everything gets lost, multiple contributors.
But I am the only woman writing poems on spite because Spite scares the hoes so when there’s a rustle of leaves, a sigh in the night, 
A flicker of candles, I dance in their light.

I can't speak my love to your face
 just float in the air, near you I wait.  
With every sweet scent, I’m lingering there.
Maybe the smell taunts you, or it’s faded.
But it’s because I love you and hate it.
 A brush of your jacket, a hair in your sandwich Each moment I haunt you, 
In corners, on the internet, I put on this true farse  A heartbeat behind you, a voice in the dark.

My presence is real, my heart you can feel.
So chase the soft echoes,  In the spaces between us, 
For though I am lost in this spectral embrace,
 I’m here in your silence, I’m love in the space.

IDK you, Now I’m Schizzing out
I don’t know you. Now I’m schizzing out.
All I can do is write to my unknown friend
From this certain place- 
A shadow I linger, a whisper unseen, A ghost of affection, in spaces between.

Everything gets lost, multiple contributors.
But I am the only woman writing poems on spite because Spite scares the hoes so when there’s a rustle of leaves, a sigh in the night, 
A flicker of candles, I dance in their light.

I can't speak my love to your face
 just float in the air, near you I wait.  
With every sweet scent, I’m lingering there.
Maybe the smell taunts you, or it’s faded.
But it’s because I love you and hate it.
 A brush of your jacket, a hair in your sandwich Each moment I haunt you, 
In corners, on the internet, I put on this true farse  A heartbeat behind you, a voice in the dark.

My presence is real, my heart you can feel.
So chase the soft echoes,  In the spaces between us, 
For though I am lost in this spectral embrace,
 I’m here in your silence, I’m love in the space.

cenk.... uighur....


salad recipe for peter vack
Dear Master of Cum, 

I am not you. If you make this salad and post it I will know you are real 

I will tell you the story of a girl in a salad recipe 

Ingredients 

Baby Arugula

Parmesan cheese ( must be freshly shaved)

Kalamata olives 

persian cucumber

olive oil

lemon juice

Dear Master of Cum
When I look into your eyes, I see myself

I admire you from afar

Though courage I lack

My words I put in a jar

while a big package I pack

I could never mimic your stride 

I would rather go hide 

You can never catch me by the way 

it will seem as though you've been led astray

Hey Skitzos,
If it was them, they'd signal in the poem.

Mystery solved.

I remember when you didn't have to navigate Spite back a page to keep up with the discourse
Like 2 weeks ago

Ok I admit it
I am Peter Vack

If i Were Irl 

would you give me a smack

I will make your salad 

If it won't make me turn pallid

But please do tell me

this story

why is peters real last name brown?
Is he part colored? Does he have the n word pass? Can he give me one?

Peter Vack I am you Consultanr
Please get a Face Drop

the opposite of a face lift 

This will make you seem more like you have hunter eyes

A challenge for Peter Vack
I love how you shamelessly search for your own name on the new spite search bar feature 

I love how you have no sense of care if anyone mentions you you post it. How long can you keep this up Peter?

I challenge you to not post this. If you post it, I've won. If you do not, i've still won because you've obeyed me. 

Or was I the master of cum all along

.
i am the riddler

Whore
How r u in every girls likes How do u know that many girls Do u know everyone can see ur slimy little name at the bottom of the photo God ur so annoying. And the worst part is I’ll forget all about this when u text me. I’ll come running back like I didn’t just see u desperate for other girls attention. I hate being that girl. PLS HELPNME

Eskimo sister
U went on a date with her. How is she everywhere. IN THE DAY TIME.

I can't stop
I can't stop jakinof to trans porn and whenever a trans porn clip is loading I switch real quick to Instagram which is a mistake because stupid niggers like bienstok and ggbussy and other niggers keep spamming my feed with shit that turns me off or whenever I'm watching feet Joi content and switch to ig I see those ig fags yapping about a stupid thing I don't know them personally but y'all suck you stupid niggers :D

By the way i'm the girl who said spite was scaring the hoes
bc im scared and i hate the word *r * p e 

i rlly dislike it pls pls put an end to this


i already see so much disgusting stuff in my life
let's keep spite a beautiful place to hate on our irls and write about our secret desires

ever since spite launched i don't need a therapist
but i'm still afraid to confess my darkest secret which is that i fell in love with .......

you'll never know

This shit just 4chan for people who kind of have sex


Hello Scaring the Hoes Girl
ai know you don't get much recognition because you are an unknown

i want you to know i see you

i want to hold and protect you and fight all these disgusting men (i am a strong woman) 

I want you to know I can tell which spite posts are yours even when you pretend to be someone else

and that i love every iteration of you

Hey faggot
Tbh it’s really ambiguous if it is them and there is a lot going on behind the scenes
Maybe you should rizz ur own lover
And flex more on IG
And respond to more DMs

If I thought real girls in New York used this site I would probably stop scaring the hoes


hahah babe why are you calling spite sargent?


hahah babe why are you calling spite sargent?


I’m flexing on spite
If any girls haven’t fucked Peter dm me and I’ll respond

Rapist speaking
I feel bad about it and don’t want to identify with it
I am just not afraid to experiment with this stuff for art
It’s ok if you hate me 
Watch my movie it is beautiful 
I didn’t create rapecore,
It was created to slander me 
I do find romantic elements in rape 
But I didn’t actually rape
I would be mad at my friends if they raped you
And might kill them
I always carry a knife 
Which I might hold to your neck for fun

confession time, seeking penance from Peter
i understood you from the moment i laid eyes on you. 
not fully, but enough.

you probably don’t like the sound of that,
someone thinking that they understand you 
probably makes you sick.

i sat back and observed (the way that you do) to figure out the rest.

your blasé demeanor, your full attention just out of reach, but the whole room captivated by each and every subtle nod of interest or charming remark. 
the way you give just enough but never too much so that everyone wants more of you. 
like dangling a bone in front of a dogs face.

you are quiet, you look sickly 
your brain probably consumes all of your calories.
you think a whole lot.
you could have 10 beers and still seem sober. 
what an odd metabolism you must have, saving you from embarrassment. 
i think you dread shame so much your body has built defenses against it. 
or maybe its the addy that keeps you so alert.

the way you sat revealed a lot. 
comfortably slouched, never sloppy. 
feigning apathy. 
composed externally,
combusting internally.  
relaxing with near-perfect posture.   
sitting down but always on your toes. 

we spoke briefly. 
you probably wrote me off as dumb because that’s the part i play, and i play it well.
the slight bit of optimism left in me hoped that you mr. actor (/Vacktor) could see through my role. 
i wanted you to take me home and take my mask off. maybe my clothes too. and we could talk about more things we have in common, then fuck. 
But i think you are scared of girls like me 
(intelligent, that is)

confession time, seeking penance from Peter
i understood you from the moment i laid eyes on you. 
not fully, but enough.

you probably don’t like the sound of that,
someone thinking that they understand you 
probably makes you sick.

i sat back and observed (the way that you do) to figure out the rest.

your blasé demeanor, your full attention just out of reach, but the whole room captivated by each and every subtle nod of interest or charming remark. 
the way you give just enough but never too much so that everyone wants more of you. 
like dangling a bone in front of a dogs face.

you are quiet, you look sickly 
your brain probably consumes all of your calories.
you think a whole lot.
you could have 10 beers and still seem sober. 
what an odd metabolism you must have, saving you from embarrassment. 
i think you dread shame so much your body has built defenses against it. 
or maybe its the addy that keeps you so alert.

the way you sat revealed a lot. 
comfortably slouched, never sloppy. 
feigning apathy. 
composed externally,
combusting internally.  
relaxing with near-perfect posture.   
sitting down but always on your toes. 

we spoke briefly. 
you probably wrote me off as dumb because that’s the part i play, and i play it well.
the slight bit of optimism left in me hoped that you mr. actor (/Vacktor) could see through my role. 
i wanted you to take me home and take my mask off. maybe my clothes too. and we could talk about more things we have in common, then fuck. 
But i think you are scared of girls like me 
(intelligent, that is)

Alex Bienstock is a really nice guy
Alex is so nice he always says things like “I appreciate that” and “thank you,” which is really nice!! I hope I can be as nice as him when I grow up

